Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


News

Departments sending packages, letters, postcards and flats will no longer use the Blue and Gold slips. Instead, departments will use an updated mail form for outgoing mail. Visit the Mail & Package Services Department page for more information. To prepare USPS package shipping requests To mail a package through USPS, complete the USPS Package Shipping […]

Auxiliary Services is hosting a series of fun events to welcome students to campus. Register today to make new friends and win prizes! Postcards to home Stop by Lower Prospector on Tuesday, August 20, 2024, to get a behind-the-scenes look at Mail & Package Services and receive a UNC Charlotte-themed postcard! Once you complete a […]

Business Services is always excited about getting student feedback! We are looking for students to serve as Niner Aux Guides for our products and services. From dining to e-scooters – we need your help reaching other students to let them know about our programs! Time commitment: Less than 10 hours per semester, per year Responsibilities: […]

Summary of what’s changing: As of May 1st for incoming students and July 1, 2024, for new faculty and staff, the 49er ID and Meal Plan Office is requiring UNC Charlotte faculty, staff and students to adopt the 49er Mobile ID.  Incoming students Students enrolled in New Student Orientation (NSO) will receive instructions for how […]

The University’s Summer Blood Drive will be held at the Barnhardt Student Activity Center (SAC) in the Food Court area on Monday, June 3, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Schedule an appointment with the code “UNCC.” To save time, donors may complete their pre-donation reading and health history questions on the day of their […]

UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]

Join us at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on April 9th, 2024, to celebrate 4/9 Day! Snacks, games and discounts will be available with your 49er ID. Wear green to show your Niner Pride! Enjoy 10% off your purchase with the code SPIRIT24. Check out […]

Calling all Niners! The American Red Cross needs YOU! The American Red Cross and UNC Charlotte are working together to host the fifteenth annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Tuesday, March 12, 2024 in the Popp Martin Student Union room 340. At last year’s drive, students, faculty and staff donated […]

As campus gears up for a new spring semester, Dining Services is launching new menu items, introducing new ways to order and scheduling exciting new events. Check them out! Save with Dining Deals Limited-Time Specials Brand New Menu Items Easier Ways to Order Dining Hall Updates Upcoming Events at the Bistro Join us at the […]

As the holiday season approaches, we know how important it is to find the perfect gift for your loved ones. That’s why we’ve put together a curated selection of gifts that are sure to delight any Charlotte student, alumni or fan. From cozy sweatshirts to stylish accessories, we have something for everyone on your list. […]

NOTE: The opt out period for this spring is Dec. 11 to Jan. 24, 2024. It’s no secret that textbooks are expensive, but did you know that textbook prices in the US are increasing at almost 3 times the inflation rate? The cost of textbooks can present a huge burden to students and families. That’s […]

Business Services newsletter subscribers are the first to learn about brand new services, upcoming events, dining deals, bookstore product launches and more! As a subscriber of “New and Noteworthy,” you’ll be at the front of the line when Social 704 is offering pizza to go, Barnes & Noble Charlotte is bringing back merch with classic […]

Getting to the post office during the holiday rush can be a challenge, but Mail & Package Services make it easy to take care of your shipping needs right here on campus. Just stop by Mail Services in Lower Prospector or Union Station in the Popp Martin Student Union. You can even purchase boxes, envelopes, […]

‘Tis the season for feasting and giving thanks. Here’s how you can enjoy campus dining over the holiday break and help others who are struggling with food insecurity: Order meals to eat over Thanksgiving Break Prepackaged microwavable meals will be available for preorder from Friday, Nov. 10 to Friday, Nov. 17 through the Niner Diners […]

Fall break is just around the corner! Check out these changes to our operating hours to make sure you can access services during the class recess. Dining Social 704  will operate on the following schedule from Oct. 21-24: South Village Dining will not be open Oct. 21 to 23, but it will open for dinner […]

Don’t miss mail or packages due to outdated information Dear Faculty and Staff: We’d like to inform you about two important issues that have recently affected our Mail Services: 1. Departmental relocations: Some departments on campus have moved to new locations without informing Mail & Package Services. As a result, mail and packages have been […]

We want to hear from you about campus dining.  Take the survey by Oct. 31, 2023, for a chance to win a pair of AirPods! 

Coming soon! Throwback to the ‘golden’ age of Niner Pride. A retro collection of UNC Charlotte logos from the past in modern cuts and gorgeous fabrics. Available beginning Homecoming Week only at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. Join us for a launch celebration!When: Friday, Oct. 13th, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.Where:Barnes & Noble […]

Located on the 2nd floor of the Student Union, The Bistro offers a welcoming atmosphere for you to connect with others and relax. Starting Oct. 9 through the end of the semester, here’s what’s in store: In addition, faculty and staff will enjoy $2 off when dining after 1 p.m. on any day of the week! […]

Meet Logan and Boots! Logan is a senior social work major on the school social work path! She’s an amazing mother to Boots and is a huge music fan. She loves going to concerts and collects vinyls of her favorite artists. Boots turned one this month. Happy belated Birthday, Boots! He loves to play and […]

On Friday, Sept. 22, 2023, the Business Services marketing team visited Campbell Creek Park in East Charlotte. The park was recently given a D rating by Mecklenburg County’s Park and Rec Department for its few amenities and lack of investment over the years since it was created. However, the park has a play meadow used […]

Get ready for some exciting news that’s about to change the way you shop on campus. Imagine a store where you can just grab what you want and walk out without waiting in line at the checkout. Well, guess what? Amazon’s Just Walk Out technology and UNC Charlotte Dining Services are teaming up to bring […]

Hungry and in a hurry? Just Baked vending machines have just landed in three convenient spots on campus: Garringer (2nd floor), Fretwell (1st-floor vending area) and Hunt Hall (lower level). These machines don’t just serve up regular vending machine snacks. They have a rotating menu covering your meals from sunup to sundown. Morning munchies? Enjoy […]

Business Services and Barnes & Noble Charlotte staff are among those lauded in S.R. 10.1-4. An Act to Show Our Appreciation and Gratitude to Everyone That Played a Role in the Niner Course Pack Program This Semester. On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, Bookstore and Licensing Program Manager Rachel Skipworth and Barnes & Noble Charlotte Manager Cheri […]

On Friday, Sept. 1, Niners flocked to Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union to celebrate College Colors Day.  Students and staff wearing their boldest Niner greens waited in line to grab their free game day spirit swag: Charlotte-branded rally towels, koozies, pom poms, noise makers, sodas, snacks and even Niner green […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte