Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Dining                        


Dining Services

Meal Plans704‑687‑7337

Dining Director of Operations704-687-0687

Catering OfficesHRL Bldg. (#29 Campus Map)Mon-Fri, 8 AM – 5 PM704‑687‑0690

IMPORTANT DATES

Fall semester

Dining Map

Please check Dine on Campus for hours before heading to any dining location.

Interactive Dining Map

Dining Locations

Starbucks

Serving your favorite hand-crafted beverages, coffee, tea and snacks

Thoughtful Cup

A cafe serving local Jags Head coffee, sweet and savory treats and a variety of teas and espresso drinks. 

Panda Express

The popular national brand that brings the robust flavors of Mandarin and Szechuan dishes to American quick-service dining. 

Subway

Mouth-watering subs made to order. 

Whitney’s Bakery

Cakes, cookies and other delicious pastries.

Burger 704

Juicy beef and veggie burgers, with fries or tots made to order

Chick-fil-A Express

All your favorite Chick-fil-A classic items served up quickly

49er Fresh

Sandwiches, salads, sushi and snacks

Jamal’s Chicken

Get a taste of Halal crispy chicken tenders, fries, sandwiches and a good time!

Mamma Leone’s

A speedy stop for hot pizza with a gluten-free option and delicious pasta

Salsarita’s Fresh Cantina

Burritos, tacos, salads and chips made to order

Aurum Cafe featuring Auntie Anne’s 

Warm, delicious savory and sweet pretzels, Change Please coffee, and Fresh2U grab and go items.

Charlotte Greens

Build your own bowl full of fresh ingredients

SoVi

SoVi at South Village Crossing offers all-you-can-eat, buffet-style dining with a meal swipe or door rate. Fresh soup and salad, gluten-free entrees, homestyle cooking, Asian fusion, pizza and grilled entrees are available daily.

SoVi Market + Bakery

Convenience items and fresh-baked goodies to satisfy your sweet tooth

Bistro

Come enjoy a great buffet-style dining experience with delicious food, drink and table-clearing service! 

Bojangles

Quick stop for delicious chicken and biscuits 

Market on Craver feat. Erberts & Gerbert’s

Featuring grab-and-go sandwiches, salads, snacks, beverages and convenience store items

Market Powered by Amazon Just Walk Out

Stop in for a variety of quick and convenient food options. Grab what you need, hover your payment and just walk out. See, you’ve made it to class on time!

Shake Smart

Shakes, bowls, coffee, sandwiches, oatmeal and wraps

Social 704

Social 704 offers all-you-can-eat, buffet-style dining with a meal or or payment of the door rate. Fresh soup and salad, allergen-avoiding entrees, homestyle cooking, pizza and grilled dishes are available daily.

Starbucks

Serving your favorite hand-crafted beverages, coffee, tea and snacks

Wendy’s

Burgers, fries, baked potatoes and Wendy’s Frosty

Market at Dubois

Stop in for grab-and-go sandwiches, salads, snacks, beverages and convenience store items

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte