Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Bookstore                        


CONTACT

Directions704‑687‑7050 or sm276@bncollege.com

Important Dates

Fall 2024

Niner Course Pack

The Niner Course Pack provides access to all course materials without the need to shop around before the first day of class. The Niner Course Pack is a textbook rental program. Students can buy their rented textbooks at a reduced price at the end of the semester. Enrollment in the program is automatic, and the cost is $20 per credit hour per term.

You will benefit from:

How it works

Register for Class

You will be automatically enrolled into the program during course registration. Once you’ve selected your courses, the bookstore will start preparing your order.

Verify your order

Thirty-five days before the first day of classes, you will receive an email to verify your Niner Course Pack order and select how you would like to receive your materials. Thirty days before classes start you will receive an email allowing you to opt out of the program.

Receive your materials

An email notification will be sent when your order is ready for pickup or when it ships. Your digital materials will be delivered in Canvas.

Opt-out deadlines for students:

Return deadlines for course materials:

Frequently Asked Questions

Accessing your Niner Course Pack

A: The Niner Course Pack is part of the First Day® Complete textbook and course material rental program offered by Barnes & Noble College. The program ensures that students have access to required textbooks, lab manuals, access codes and digital textbooks prior to the first day of class. Students will have the option to buy their rented textbook at a reduced price at the end of the semester.

A: Register for classes, and the bookstore will prepare your required course materials. Approximately one month before classes start, you will receive an email to your University email address requesting your delivery preference (in-store pickup or shipped directly to you).

When your order is ready for pickup or when it ships, you’ll receive an email confirmation. Your digital materials will be delivered within Canvas and will be accessible when your instructor opens the Canvas course.

Students who register for courses late will still be automatically enrolled in the program and will receive email notifications after registering for courses.

A: Undergraduate and Graduate students will have access to Niner Course Pack. Students enrolled in only zero credit hour courses and students who have not returned Niner Course Pack materials from previous semesters will not be automatically enrolled in the Niner Course Pack.

Students may opt out from the program beginning 30 days before the first day of class until the University census date for the fall and spring semesters. (See the academic calendar.) Summer session opt-out deadlines occur five days after the start of the session.

A: The program provides all required textbooks, lab manuals, access codes and digital textbooks.

Ordering and payment

A: The charge for the Niner Course Pack is $20 per credit hour enrolled. For example, if you are enrolled in 15 credit hours, you can expect to pay $300 for all course materials, saving you on average anywhere from 35 to 50 percent.

The course materials charge is billed to your UNC Charlotte student account. Financial aid may be used to cover some or all of the cost of course materials.

If you are enrolled in courses without required materials, please review whether the program presents a cost savings to you. If it does not, consider opting out for the semester.

A: Visit Barnes & Noble Charlotte’s Find Course Materials page and use the drop-down menu to see the retail price of your materials. 

Under the “Term” field, select the semester with the semester name and “OPT OUT” label. Select the department, course number and section you are enrolled in. Then select “Retrieve Materials” to display your course materials with the listed retail prices for the available course material formats.

A: Yes. If you wish to remain in the program for your other courses, you must pay the Niner Course Pack fee for all courses you are enrolled in for the semester. However, if you decide to opt out of the program, the fee will be removed from your student account, and you will be responsible for purchasing your remaining course materials. 

A: You will receive an email reminding you to return your materials if you drop a class. Materials must be returned by the posted return deadline. If you drop a class and enroll in a different class, you will receive an email reminding you to confirm your course materials for the newly added course and to return the material(s) for the course you dropped. The bookstore will exchange the required textbooks and/or access codes.

A: Supply kits of any kind (e.g., drafting kits, dissection kits, art kits and architecture kits), calculators, goggles and lab coats are not included in the program at this time.

 A: The Niner Course Pack may represent significant benefits for most students.

However, students may opt out of the Niner Course Pack here 30 days before the start of classes. 

Please note that when opting out of the program, you will be opting out of all courses for the semester. You may not opt out on a course-by-course basis. It will be up to each student to evaluate their required course materials and determine whether remaining in or opting out of the Niner Course Pack is financially beneficial.   

You can always opt back in by visiting the link in your opt-out confirmation email or by using the link above, as long as it’s before the opt-out deadline.

If you opt out of the Niner Course Pack, you will lose access to your digital materials and any physical materials covered by the program. You will have to repurchase these materials through Barnes & Noble Charlotte or another seller.

2. Select “I want to opt out” at the bottom of the page.

3. A pop-up will appear. Select “I want to opt out.”

4. Please enter a reason for opting out and select “Submit.”

5. A confirmation screen will appear.

A: Students are responsible for purchasing required course materials through any bookseller including the Barnes & Noble Charlotte bookstore in the same manner previously used prior to the Niner Course Pack program.

If students opt out, access to digital course materials available within Canvas will be removed and students are responsible for purchasing all required course materials unless the student selects to opt back in before the identified deadline.

A: The Niner Course Pack is part of a textbook and course material rental program. Students will receive email reminders with deadlines for returning their textbooks. Students will have the option to buy their rented textbook at a reduced price at the end of the semester.

A: Students will receive emails from the bookstore to remind them to verify their order. if the student does not opt out, their materials will be held at the bookstore and their student account will be charged.

A: Yes, if the student does not opt out, their materials will be held at the bookstore and their student account will be charged.

A: Yes, if you decide to purchase your materials for a reduced rate at the end of the semester, you may keep them. Barnes & Noble College will email students prior to the end of the semester to remind them when books are due back. Pricing to purchase materials at the end of the semester will also be included in these communications.



Information for faculty and advisors

If you are a faculty member or advisor looking for more information about First Day® Complete and the Niner Course Pack, please be sure to visit our faculty/advisor information webpage below.

Contact information

If you have trouble accessing course materials in Canvas or you have a technical question, please contact Barnes and Noble College Customer Care at bookstorecustomercare@bncollege.com or 1-844-932-6657.



Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte