Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


News

On Sunday, Aug. 20, more than 300 students gathered on the second floor of the Popp Martin Student Union, waiting to be the first patrons in the door on the opening night of UNC Charlotte’s newest dining hall. At 5 p.m. staff opened the partitions, and students streamed through the newly installed express lanes. A […]

Deposit $350 or more in Optional Dining Account funds between Aug. 28, 2023, and Oct. 13, 2023 and receive: Optional Dining Account (ODA) funds can be used at any campus dining location, including Markets and athletics concessions. Incentives will be available by the end of the business day each Monday through the duration of the […]

For a limited time, dining patrons can bring a guest to Bistro for free! Take advantage of the offer on Wednesdays between 11am and 11:45am.  Bistro is an elevated buffet-style restaurant located on the second floor of the Popp Martin Student Union, next to Social 704. Enjoy appetizers, garden-fresh salads, generous sandwiches, and enticing desserts. […]

The Fall 2023 semester at UNC Charlotte is just getting started, and that means it’s almost time for College Colors Day! On Friday, Sep 1, Charlotte students can celebrate the annual day and “Fan Out Loud” by wearing Niner gear and repping their school colors. Swing by Charlotte Barnes and Noble in the Popp Martin […]

Are you ready for the big reveal? Last semester, we said a tearful goodbye to Crown Commons as we reflected on the delicious meals and memories that we made there. This fall, we say hello to … Drumroll, please …  A whole new dining experience!  (Did you really think we were going to spoil the […]

In addition to saving students an average of 30 to 50 percent on the cost of textbooks, the Niner Course Pack program will offer students who stay opted in to the program an exclusive campus store savings pass! Students who receive their course materials through the program will get an exclusive VIP card when they […]

This fall, students will be automatically enrolled in a textbook rental program called Niner Course Pack. This program offers textbooks and access codes billed to your student account at a rate of $20 per credit hour. Three hundred dollars for a 15-credit hour course load may seem steep to shell out for textbooks, but there […]

Are you looking for the best deal on textbooks for the fall? Join Barnes & Noble Charlotte and Business Services staff for drop-in sessions to answer all your questions about the Niner Course Pack program. We can help you navigate the bookstore’s website to determine the retail prices for your course materials and advise you […]

Your 49er ID is now available for Samsung Wallet. Learn more about setting up your 49er ID on your phone.

The Red Cross and UNC Charlotte will sponsor the Summer Blood Drive from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Wednesday, June 14, 2023, in the Lucas Room, Bonnie E. Cone University Center at UNC Charlotte. Parking will be available in the Cone Parking Visitor Deck, and free parking vouchers can be requested at the donation site for those who […]

Campus traffic is down to a dull roar, not so much the birds or the lawnmowers, but nevertheless, there is still plenty to do on campus. If you’re interested in grabbing a bite to eat on campus, you could visit the Popp Martin Student Union for breakfast at Starbucks, lunch at Wendy’s, or if you’re […]

We are so grateful to the student workers in our areas who help Business Services make our customers’ experiences the best they can be. Here are four graduating student workers who made a huge impact in our areas. Jordan Badenhop Social media marketing intern Jordan, a double major in marketing and organizational management, has worked […]

Mail & Package Services is celebrating their recent win as Mail Center of the Year from the College and University Mail Services Association on March 14, 2023. The award recognizes the department’s dedication to improving their services and adapting to new challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Tips for students and parents To help simplify budgeting for the upcoming school year, Barnes & Noble Charlotte has launched the Niner Course Pack, an affordable course material bundle that is part of the First Day Complete textbook rental program.  Nearly all UNC Charlotte courses will participate in the program, meaning students will be automatically […]

Construction is finished and coffee is brewing on the ground floor of the Atkins Library. The new Starbucks location in Atkins will celebrate its grand launch on Monday, March 13, 10 a.m.- 11 a.m. Come enjoy the festivities, ribbon cutting and remarks from campus officials. Meal plan holders can pay with Declining Balance funds at […]

Beginning fall 2023, students will have access to the Niner Course Pack, an affordable bundle of rental textbooks and course materials from Barnes & Noble Charlotte. The Niner Course Pack is part of an inclusive access program designed to bring down the cost of textbooks and access codes. The average student will save 35 to […]

Come to graduation prepared and looking your best by visiting the Spring 2023 Commencement Fair. The commencement fair is your one-stop shop for commencement attire, cap and gown, regalia, class rings, diploma frames and more. The event will take place on April 5-6, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m., in Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp […]

The Fourteenth Annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive took place at the Popp Martin Student Union on March 15. Students, faculty and staff signed up to donate 236 units of blood, enough to potentially save 708 lives. In 2022, the 49ers4LIFE blood drive collected 238 units of blood, enough to save 714 lives. This year’s collection was […]

On a chilly March Monday morning, students, faculty and staff gathered for the official ribbon cutting for the new Starbucks location in Atkins Library. The weather was perfect for enjoying a warm cup of complimentary Starbucks coffee and cake pops. Graduating senior Mico Quijano was the master of ceremonies who introduced Dr. Anne Moore, dean […]

Look out for exciting changes coming to dining in Spring 2023! Changes coming to Crown Commons April 1 Crown Commons will undergo a major renovation beginning on April 1. The purpose of the renovation is to provide you with high-quality dining facilities, upgraded food stations and additional seating space to improve your campus dining experience. […]

Food builds community — it inspires creativity and transports us to far-off lands. It helps us move through difficult times, stay awake in our afternoon meetings and tastes, well, pretty good. Dining Services know the impact food can have and is committed to being an essential campus service — remaining open during inclement weather events, […]

The fourteenth annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive will take place on Mar. 15, 2023, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Popp Martin Student Union, Room 340. Use sponsor code “49ers4life” when you schedule your appointment. Schedule Appointment All donors who present will receive a free long-sleeved t-shirt. According to the American Red Cross, someone […]

In preparation for the Crown Commons renovation, we are setting up a Virtual Reality experience for students to get a sneak peek of the new Crown Commons coming fall 2023. You can participate in this experience on the 2nd floor of the Student Union and inside Crown Commons. Bring your friends! 2nd Floor Student Union […]

On April 1, 2022, Change Please opened alongside Auntie Anne’s on campus in their first United States location. Change Please serves delicious coffee sourced globally but roasted in the United States. The program is unique in its philanthropic mission. Sales from each cup of coffee fund non-profit organizations in the Charlotte area that help ease […]

Business Services is always excited about getting student feedback! We are looking for students to serve as Niner Aux Guides for our products and services. From dining to e-scooters – we need your help reaching other students to let them know about our programs! Time commitment: Less than 10 hours per semester, per year Responsibilities: […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte