Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


News

Uber Eats saw a 214% increase in its customer base in 2020. The inability to dine in restaurants created new interest (and sales) for food delivery services worldwide. But food delivery services are hardly new. Most of the well-known apps have been around for over a decade, increasing their functionality, drivers and restaurant line-ups each […]

49er Mobile ID is now available for all faculty, staff and students to access on your phone. Your physical 49er Card will continue to work, but if you would like to have the convenience of accessing your 49er ID on your phone, follow the steps below to set it up. If you have an approved […]

“Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you who you are.” –Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin The old adage “You are what you eat” reminds us to think about not only what we consume, but where our food comes from and who produces it. Since we all rely on the global food supply chain to […]

Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union invites you to attend a Pumpkin Painting Party on Wednesday, Oct. 26, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Pumpkins and Halloween stress balls will be available for you to decorate and put your spooky spin on! We will also host Halloween Movie Trivia. The winner will […]

If you are getting low on Declining Balance funds, or you want to top off your dining account, a deposit to your Optional Dining Account (ODA) could pay off in a big way! Every $25 you deposit will get you a chance to win one of nine golden keys that could unlock a free year […]

The Commencement Fair will take place Nov. 2 to Nov. 4, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. The fair is a convenient, one-stop shop where graduating students can pick up their commencement attire. Get your cap and gown, regalia, stoles, honor cords, diploma frames, pictures, […]

The United States Postal Service (USPS) will adjust postage pricing on Jan. 22, 2023. The new rates include a three-cent increase in the price of a First-Class Mail Forever stamp from 60 cents to 63 cents. The price for 1-ounce metered mail will increase to 60 cents, and the price to send a domestic postcard […]

Chef Whitney Fogleman holds freshly baked and frosted cake. Photo: Joshua Thomas, Auxiliary Services. If you have enjoyed a freshly baked treat on campus, there’s a good chance you have Chef Whitney Fogleman to thank for it. Fogleman has been the lead baker at Charlotte for the past eight years. She and her team produce […]

Excitement for the opening of Auntie Anne’s last spring overshadowed the roll out of another delightful addition to Dining Services’ lineup of offerings: Change Please Coffee. Change Please Coffee now shares a space in the Aurum Cafe of the new Science Building on Craver Road. They poured their first cup of coffee sold in a […]

Download theseCharlotte 49er patterns and carve up some Niner Pride this Halloween! Send us a picture of your finished product! @unccaux. Enjoy! All-in-C carving pattern Norm “game face” carving pattern CLT stencil pattern for painting or Dremel tool sculpting

Are you running low on Optional Dining Account (ODA) funds? Between Oct. 13 and 26, if you deposit $200 or more to your ODA account, you will receive a Niner Advantage incentive of 9% additional ODA! Even better, if you add $400 to ODA, you will receive a Niner Advantage incentive of 9% additional ODA […]

Charlotte Greens, featuring build-your-own grain and salad bowls, will open for dinner at South Village on Aug. 22. The goal of the new quick-service restaurant is to provide a healthy and quick evening food option for students on the south side of campus. According to Chartwell’s Marketing Director Mrinali Rao, “Charlotte Greens begins with good […]

Holiday shipping deadlines Whether you are traveling to see friends and family or remaining at home this holiday season, Mail & Package Services has your shipping needs covered. Let us help you get your gifts to loved ones on time. Please note the United States Postal Service has implemented a temporary surcharge of $.25 to […]

‘Thank-Ful’ Friendsgiving On Thursday, Nov. 18, from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m., Dining Services will host “Thank-Ful,” a campus-wide friendsgiving event at SoVi celebrating togetherness, expressing gratitude, and giving back to UNC Charlotte and the campus community. In partnership with Chartwells Higher Education, UNC Charlotte’s foodservice provider, UNC Charlotte students will join 300 other schools […]

Now is a great time to check your passport expiration date, especially if you have spring or summer plans to travel abroad. Most countries require a minimum of six months of passport validity. If you apply now for a passport for spring travel, you can avoid having to pay an expedite fee. Getting or renewing […]

The past couple years have brought uncertainty for businesses trying to hire and train new employees across the service sector. Chartwells, our dining partner, is meeting the challenge with some unique approaches to attracting and onboarding new workers. Door to the Niner Diners Hiring Center in Cone Center Building. Photo: Katie Turner, Business Services In […]

As we head into a new school year, you may find yourself overwhelmed by the number of online textbook retailers and options for renting or buying textbooks in all kinds of conditions–from pristine and shrink-wrapped to torn up and barely readable. If you find yourself in this situation, we want to remind you that the […]

Meal plans are confusing – there’s no doubt about it. So what are the most important things to know about using your meal plan when you get to campus? Let’s count down the top five: #5 Meals versus Declining Balance: Know the difference Your meals can be used at either Crown Commons or SoVi for […]

Got a Niner on your Nice List? Here are two letter-sized patterns to print for small presents, or tile several together to DIY Charlotte-themed paper for larger gifts. All-in-C wrapping paper Holiday Norm wrapping paper

Nearly 159 lives will be saved as a result of the volunteers who came out to the Cone Center on Wednesday, June 15 to donate 53 units of blood! Donors, volunteers and staff members all generously contributed to this event’s success. Chantrice Rasmussen, certified caregiver, CNA/LNA, aspiring phlebotomist and Red Cross staff member, came out […]

We’re hiring for fall/spring! Get valuable work experience and flexible scheduling. Whether you are looking for a position to expand your skills or give you professional work experience, we have a range of position types to suit your interests. Our positions are conveniently located on campus. Auxiliary Services Auxiliary Services Student Assistant Federal Work Study […]

The 49er ID Card is now available on Android, iPhone and Apple Watch to first-year and incoming transfer students. Like the physical 49er Card, 49er Mobile ID gives students access to: Campus housing, labs and events Recreational facilities Library materials Backup credential for parking access 49er Mobile ID is also used to access your meal […]

Dr. Joshua Miller, lecturer in Political Science and Public Administration, and Rick Torres, ATM, Vending and Reprographics program manager, meet over coffee at Thoughtful Cup. A new coffee concept opened this week on the ground level of the Fretwell building. Formerly the home of Fretwell Café, the expanded space features more than just fresh brewed […]

Pictured left to right: Jody Thompson, interim director of Auxiliary Services; Dr. Nancy Gutierrez, dean of the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, and Dr. Richard Amon, vice chancellor of Business Affairs. The grand opening celebration of Thoughtful Cup on Tuesday, Feb. 8, kicked off with remarks about how the new space designed for student […]

The thirteenth annual 49ers4Life Blood Drive will take place on Mar. 24, 2022, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Popp Martin Student Union, Room 340. Use sponsor code “49ers4life” when you schedule your appointment. Schedule Appointment Each pint of blood we collect can help save up to three lives and will touch the […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte