Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


News

No change? No problem. If asked to list things a university needs to support its educational mission, vending machines would probably not make the top 10, or even 50. But we know that hardly anyone goes through a week on campus without needing a hydration, energy or caffeine boost. That’s why Auxiliary Services and vending […]

If faced with the possibility of being snowbound on campus this weekend, here’s what you should know: You will eat At least one dining hall, either Crown Commons in the Student Union or SoVi in South Village Crossing, will be open and on the weekend brunch schedule, even if campus is closed. More likely than […]

If you had the right audio equipment poised over the UNC Charlotte campus on a weekday morning at 10:45 a.m., you might pick up a lot of whispers that sound a lot like, “Please, please, please let me find a close parking spot.” That’s the peak time for parking demand on campus, so it’s unlikely […]

If you’ve walked by the Dining Services office in the Cone Center lately, you might think that it looks more like a research lab than an office. Shelves with glowing LED light boxes and seedling trays line the window. The bright lights cause students and staff to stop and look at the progress of the […]

As part of the University’s Sustainability Week events, dozens of representatives will be on campus offering information, travel discounts and give-aways. There will even be a little fun! Try out the driving simulators that imitate drunk driving and what it’s like to be in a car crash, with and without a seatbelt. Be sure to […]

Just in time for upcoming exams, a study and office supplies vending machine has been installed on the main floor of Atkins Library. The machine offers convenience purchasing of often needed items such as pens, highlighters, flash drives and exam books. The machine accepts cash and the 49er card and is operated by Barnes and […]

A vending machine price increase on certain snack products took affect this week. Items such as Doritos, Regular Lays chips and candy bars went from $1.00 to $1.25 but prices on the ‘better-for-you’ snacks such as Lays Baked chips, Kellogg Cracker chips, Snyder Pretzels and Nature Valley bars did not rise. “Snack vend prices have […]

“There’s no place to park!” Really? Spaces may be few in areas closest to the center of campus at the most densely scheduled class times, but there’s plenty of parking available elsewhere. Space counts, which are taken regularly, prove that UNC Charlotte has sufficient parking for visitors, faculty, staff, and students. Students are the population […]

UNC Charlotte has negotiated new contracts with Coca-Cola Consolidated, Pepsi Beverage Products and Canteen Vending to provide beverages and vended snacks to the campus community. The agreements are unique in that they provide the financial benefit of exclusive beverage rights while maintaining the product choice for customers. Coke will be the official beverage of Charlotte […]

There are many things to be thankful for and a few days off is certainly among them! Here are the hours for Barnes & Noble at UNC Charlotte bookstore: Wednesday 11/21: 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Thursday 11/22 – Sunday 11/25: CLOSED Dining Hours What’s Open 11/21 – 11/25 WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 21 Library Café; 7:30 […]

For just $7.95, pick any two of the following: Featuring Summer Lites Menu – Pick 2 $7.95 Soups: Tomato, French Onion, Chicken Tortilla, Crab Bisque Salads: Garden Tossed, Spring Mix, Caesar Salad, Lettuce Wedge, Spinach Salad Sandwich: Turkey BLT Wrap, BBQ Pork, Chicken Quesadilla, Steak Melt, Mediterranean Wrap In addition to the Summer Lites selection, […]

For just $7.95, pick any two of the following: Featuring Summer Lites Menu – Pick 2 $7.95 Soups: Tomato, French Onion, Chicken Tortilla, Crab Bisque Salads: Garden Tossed, Spring Mix, Caesar Salad, Lettuce Wedge, Spinach Salad Sandwich: Turkey BLT Wrap, BBQ Pork, Chicken Quesadilla, Steak Melt, Mediterranean Wrap In addition to the Summer Lites selection, […]

Facilities Management has just informed PaTS that Van Landingham Road, between John Kirk Dr. and Mary Alexander Rd., will be closed on Friday, July 22nd and Saturday, July 23rd for final paving and striping. On Friday 7/22 and Saturday 7/23, the only access in and out of East Decks 2 and 3 will be via […]

Facilities Management has just informed PaTS that Van Landingham Road, between John Kirk Dr. and Mary Alexander Rd., will be closed on Friday, July 22nd and Saturday, July 23rd for final paving and striping. On Friday 7/22 and Saturday 7/23, the only access in and out of East Decks 2 and 3 will be via […]

With classes back in session, we wanted to take a moment to remind everyone of some of the basic etiquette for the campus shuttle that runs all over UNC Charlotte’s campus. Please wait until exiting passengers have stepped off the bus before boarding. Campus shuttle benches are small-ish but the forward-facing seats are meant to […]

Students and staff who need to leave their cars on campus over the Thanksgiving break should park in Lot 25, near Police and Public Safety. Resident student, commuter and F/S permits are all allowed there. Parking your car in the open lot closest to Campus Police HQ makes more sense than an isolated spot in […]

Chartwell’s Catering is offering some mighty-fine party platters for Super Bowl XLVI viewing get-togethers: Wings Platter: Plain, Buffalo or BBQ with celery sticks and ranch dressing. 50 pieces $34.99; 100 pieces $69.99. Pick up at Crown Common between noon and 7PM, Sunday, February 5. Nachos: 2 pounds of tortilla chips, 1 quart cheese sauce, 1 […]

An all-DB meal plan is available for those attending summer sessions. Price is $212 for $212-worth of DB funds. Like other meal plans, this can be conveniently billed through student accounts. For those taking two summer sessions [bless their hearts], the summer DB meal plan is good through both sessions (in other words, any unused […]

During academic year 2009-10, PaTS and Yellow Cab had worked out an agreement to provide a discount flat-rate for trips within 2 miles of campus and guaranteed flat rates for certain destination points like the airport and the Amtrak station. It was a great idea at the time. Unfortunately, the City of Charlotte said Yellow […]

Visit any local retail department store and you’ll find racks of Carolina, Duke and NC State stuff with precious little, — if anything — for the Charlotte fan. That’s just WRONG. Maybe it’s time for some “positive reinforcement” for local retailers who consider the Green and White. If you see apparel or merchandise that proclaims […]

Is it best to buy or rent books? The answer is not as simple as it seems. Here are some facts to consider in making the choice that best serves your needs. Book Rental Pros Most rental programs rent texts at 42.5% of the price of a new book. For a $100 book, that would […]

Notice anything different about us? We’ve added more student faces to the aux home page. Many thanks to our student models, TaQuana Beanum, Joan Chamunorwa, Alexander Rentz, Karla Bennett, Joel Simpson, Jasmine Dobbin, Joshua Spence, Irvin Perez, Charlotte Cramer, William Davis, Heidi Rodriguez and Robert Wright. Their faces will not only be showing up on […]

Don’t run on empty here at finals! Refuel your Optional Dining Account with a deposit of $50 or more by Friday, April 23, and be entered to win an iPod Touch. Remember, ODA funds can be used at all campus dining locations, including Outtakes convenience stores. If you have money left on the account when […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte