Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


News

On-campus drop-off dry cleaning services for faculty regalia will be available at Barnes & Noble Charlotte prior to spring Commencement ceremonies. Washroom laundry, our official campus laundry service provider, will offer the following services: Pricing Robe, cap and hood (3 pcs) – $35 Robe only – $20 Drop-off/Pick up Faculty may drop off their regalia […]

REPROS can help you organize files with large volume scanning services. We offer: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) scanning to provide keyword-searchable files High-resolution, full-color scans to ensure every detail of a picture or graph is captured Scanned documents can be saved on all standard media, such as CD, DVD or USB. Pick-up and drop-off services […]

The Red Cross and UNC Charlotte will sponsor the Beginning of Summer Blood Drive from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesday, June 15, in the Lucas Room, Bonnie E. Cone University Center. For those who need it, parking will be available in the Cone Parking Visitor Deck, and free parking vouchers will be provided to […]

The Commencement Fair will take place 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Wednesday, March 30 through Friday, April 1, at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. The fair is a convenient, one-stop-shop where graduating students can pick up their commencement attire. Get your cap and gown, regalia, stoles, honor cords, diploma frames, […]

Come celebrate Niner Pride at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student. Union on Friday, April 8 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.! Enjoy food and games, as well as a 10% discount on merchandise (exclusions may apply).

On March 28, Auxiliary Services will launch a new on-campus laundry service in partnership with The WashRoom Laundry Services. The WashRoom Laundry Services is a certified minority-owned business providing residential and commercial laundry delivery, dry cleaning and linen services. The company was started in Charlotte in 2016 by Founder and COO Saichell McNeill. Partnering with […]

With the Red Cross experiencing the worst blood shortage in more than a decade, faculty, staff and students eagerly lined up to donate at the Popp Martin Student Union on Thursday, March 24. Last year saw a 62 percent drop in college and high school blood drives, according to the Red Cross’s website. In 2021, […]

Sending your young adult off to college is challenging enough. The last thing you should have to worry about is whether they are eating or able to get around campus. With the tips below, you’ll rest assured that your new Niner has access to everything they need to be successful the minute they set foot […]

The irony of Auntie Anne’s opening on April Fool’s Day after several months of delays was not lost on students and staff who lined up in the new Science Building to get a warm pretzel last Friday morning. Natalie Flichum and Jordan Badenhop, Auxiliary Services interns who run the @Niner_Aux_Guides account, posted a video of […]

Dining Crown Commons and Market on Craver will be closed on Friday, July 3 and Saturday, July 4 in observance of U.S. Independence Day. Crown Commons will reopen on Sunday, July 5 at 11 a.m. Market on Craver will also be closed on Sunday, July 5 and will reopen on Monday, July 6 at 10 […]

We are excited to announce that REPROS has launched a number of new program improvements for campus copying and printing services, including new product offerings: Expanded wide-format printing, including direct-to-foam core posters, signage and banners for indoor and outdoor use Custom floor graphic printing Coroplast yard signs State-of-the-art, high-speed equipment upgrades at the REPROS document […]

Download theseCharlotte 49er patterns and carve up some Niner Pride this Halloween! Send us a picture of your finished product! @unccaux. Enjoy! ALL IN C carving pattern Norm’s game face carving pattern UNC Charlotte Crown carving pattern

Exams are coming up and studying requires even more time and attention. Taking calming breaks in between study sessions helps to keep stress down and focus up. Many people find that satisfyingly mindless activities — like coloring — relax the brain. Here are a couple of coloring sheets to download and print, so you can […]

On this we all can agree: food and comfort take on outsized significance during a pandemic. For students isolated in a residence hall where all their engagement – from academics to entertainment — happens through a screen, this is even more true. “Quarantine and isolation students do not have a lot going on,” said Jody […]

Thirty-two percent of UNC Charlotte students are food insecure according to UNC Charlotte Anthropology professor, Nicole Peterson. The USDA defines food insecurity as lacking consistent access to enough food for an active, healthy lifestyle. Chartwells, the campus dining partner, is actively working to address this issue through a variety of donation programs. Each semester, Chartwells […]

Dine on Campus (download for Android or iOS) provides dining hours, menus, nutrition and allergen information and upcoming events. Here’s what you can expect when dining on campus this spring: All dining purchases are cashless Payment options include University meal plans, Declining Balance (DB), Optional Dining Account (ODA), 49er Account, debit/credit cards, Google Pay, Samsung […]

Going paperless? REPROS can help with large volume scanning services. REPROS offers: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) scanning to provide keyword-searchable files High-resolution, full-color scans to ensure every nuance of a picture or graph is captured Scanned documents can be saved on all standard media, such as CD, DVD or USB. Staff are available to assist […]

Even during a pandemic, with fewer cars on the roads, accidents and injuries still occur. Babies continue to be born, and some are perilously premature. Somewhere, always, children and adults fight cancer or endure disease or infection. Every two seconds, someone in the U.S. requires blood, a life-saving treatment that can’t be made in any […]

Eighteen years ago, the campus post office was a concrete corner of the basement of Prospector that was windowless, dank and cramped. Just getting there required finding a weird exterior stairway that led down to a single service window. Horace Lytch had been approached about a job managing the place and his first thought was, […]

New name, new face, new features Barnes & Noble at UNC Charlotte renovations completed just in time for fall semester and on Friday, Sept. 20, the official reopening as Barnes & Noble Charlotte was celebrated. Hundreds of attendees came to the grand reopening, enjoying coffee, breakfast pastries and lots of giveaways, including “We Are All […]

Mail and Package Services is now offering the Healing PTSD First-Class stamp for $.65 each or $13 for a sheet of 20. The Healing PTSD stamp is designed to raise awareness of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and to collect funds for Americans with PTSD, which affects nearly eight million people in the U.S. People who […]

UNC Charlotte is officially designated as a Fair Trade University, one of only two so far in the University of North Carolina System to achieve this distinction. Rich Steele, associate vice chancellor for Business Services, signed the official Fair Trade Resolution on Nov. 11, 2019. Fair Trade is an economic system that ensures that the […]

CHEAP Take in some culture the fun way, while taking advantage of the STUDENT RUSH discount. Charlotte Symphony’s Totally 80’s performances are part of the Sandra and Leon Levine Pop Series. Totally ’80s celebrates the raddest decade and features hits from icons like Michael Jackson, Blondie, George Michael, Billy Joel, Tommy Tutone, and Rush. Two […]

Business Services is pleased to announce that Ricoh USA has been awarded a five-year partnership with UNC Charlotte to operate the campus copy/print program. The agreement brings new equipment, updated technology and streamlined management of the campus printers and multifunction devices. Document handling will be noticeably enhanced, more productive and easier to execute, even for […]

Last fall, Business Services and Chartwells launched Niner Diners mobile ordering for popular campus dining locations. Now nearly all campus retail dining locations offer mobile ordering, including Bojangles’, Subway, Wendy’s and Panda Express. Starbucks and Einstein Bros. Bagels are rolling out mobile ordering in the next couple of weeks. To skip the line the next […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte