Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

General



                                            Destress with coloring                                        


Exams are coming up and studying requires even more time and attention. Taking calming breaks in between study sessions helps to keep stress down and focus up. Many people find that satisfyingly mindless activities — like coloring — relax the brain. Here are a couple of coloring sheets to download and print, so you can […]



                                            REPROS offers large-volume scanning                                        


Going paperless? REPROS can help with large volume scanning services. REPROS offers: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) scanning to provide keyword-searchable files High-resolution, full-color scans to ensure every nuance of a picture or graph is captured Scanned documents can be saved on all standard media, such as CD, DVD or USB. Staff are available to assist […]



                                            Do you bleed 49er Green?                                        


Even during a pandemic, with fewer cars on the roads, accidents and injuries still occur. Babies continue to be born, and some are perilously premature. Somewhere, always, children and adults fight cancer or endure disease or infection. Every two seconds, someone in the U.S. requires blood, a life-saving treatment that can’t be made in any […]



                                            Delivering for Niner Nation                                        


Eighteen years ago, the campus post office was a concrete corner of the basement of Prospector that was windowless, dank and cramped. Just getting there required finding a weird exterior stairway that led down to a single service window. Horace Lytch had been approached about a job managing the place and his first thought was, […]



                                            Light Rail Weekender Jan. 24-26                                        


CHEAP Take in some culture the fun way, while taking advantage of the STUDENT RUSH discount. Charlotte Symphony’s Totally 80’s performances are part of the Sandra and Leon Levine Pop Series. Totally ’80s celebrates the raddest decade and features hits from icons like Michael Jackson, Blondie, George Michael, Billy Joel, Tommy Tutone, and Rush. Two […]



                                            New reprographics contract awarded                                        


Business Services is pleased to announce that Ricoh USA has been awarded a five-year partnership with UNC Charlotte to operate the campus copy/print program. The agreement brings new equipment, updated technology and streamlined management of the campus printers and multifunction devices. Document handling will be noticeably enhanced, more productive and easier to execute, even for […]



                                            What to know before it snows                                        


If faced with the possibility of being snowbound on campus this weekend, here’s what you should know: You will eat At least one dining hall, either Crown Commons in the Student Union or SoVi in South Village Crossing, will be open and on the weekend brunch schedule, even if campus is closed. More likely than […]



                                            Supply vending machine added to Atkins Library                                        


Just in time for upcoming exams, a study and office supplies vending machine has been installed on the main floor of Atkins Library. The machine offers convenience purchasing of often needed items such as pens, highlighters, flash drives and exam books. The machine accepts cash and the 49er card and is operated by Barnes and […]



                                            Vending prices increase on some snacks                                        


A vending machine price increase on certain snack products took affect this week. Items such as Doritos, Regular Lays chips and candy bars went from $1.00 to $1.25 but prices on the ‘better-for-you’ snacks such as Lays Baked chips, Kellogg Cracker chips, Snyder Pretzels and Nature Valley bars did not rise. “Snack vend prices have […]



                                            Student Parking empty space count report Spring 2014                                        


“There’s no place to park!” Really? Spaces may be few in areas closest to the center of campus at the most densely scheduled class times, but there’s plenty of parking available elsewhere. Space counts, which are taken regularly, prove that UNC Charlotte has sufficient parking for visitors, faculty, staff, and students. Students are the population […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte