Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

General



                                            Thirteenth annual campus blood drive needs donors                                        


The thirteenth annual 49ers4Life Blood Drive will take place on Mar. 24, 2022, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Popp Martin Student Union, Room 340. Use sponsor code “49ers4life” when you schedule your appointment. Schedule Appointment Each pint of blood we collect can help save up to three lives and will touch the […]



                                            Faculty regalia drop-off dry cleaning service available                                        


On-campus drop-off dry cleaning services for faculty regalia will be available at Barnes & Noble Charlotte prior to spring Commencement ceremonies. Washroom laundry, our official campus laundry service provider, will offer the following services: Pricing Robe, cap and hood (3 pcs) – $35 Robe only – $20 Drop-off/Pick up Faculty may drop off their regalia […]



                                            Supercharge your spring cleaning                                        


REPROS can help you organize files with large volume scanning services. We offer: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) scanning to provide keyword-searchable files High-resolution, full-color scans to ensure every detail of a picture or graph is captured Scanned documents can be saved on all standard media, such as CD, DVD or USB. Pick-up and drop-off services […]



                                            June 15 Summer Blood Drive needs donors                                        


The Red Cross and UNC Charlotte will sponsor the Beginning of Summer Blood Drive from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesday, June 15, in the Lucas Room, Bonnie E. Cone University Center. For those who need it, parking will be available in the Cone Parking Visitor Deck, and free parking vouchers will be provided to […]



                                            Former SoVi cook turned business owner brings new laundry service to campus                                        


On March 28, Auxiliary Services will launch a new on-campus laundry service in partnership with The WashRoom Laundry Services. The WashRoom Laundry Services is a certified minority-owned business providing residential and commercial laundry delivery, dry cleaning and linen services. The company was started in Charlotte in 2016 by Founder and COO Saichell McNeill. Partnering with […]



                                            Thirteenth annual 49ers4Life blood drive collects 238 units                                        


With the Red Cross experiencing the worst blood shortage in more than a decade, faculty, staff and students eagerly lined up to donate at the Popp Martin Student Union on Thursday, March 24. Last year saw a 62 percent drop in college and high school blood drives, according to the Red Cross’s website. In 2021, […]



                                            Preparing your First-Year Niner for Campus Life                                        


Sending your young adult off to college is challenging enough. The last thing you should have to worry about is whether they are eating or able to get around campus. With the tips below, you’ll rest assured that your new Niner has access to everything they need to be successful the minute they set foot […]



                                            Campus closings for Fourth of July week                                        


Dining Crown Commons and Market on Craver will be closed on Friday, July 3 and Saturday, July 4 in observance of U.S. Independence Day. Crown Commons will reopen on Sunday, July 5 at 11 a.m. Market on Craver will also be closed on Sunday, July 5 and will reopen on Monday, July 6 at 10 […]



                                            Everything you need to know about printing on campus                                        


We are excited to announce that REPROS has launched a number of new program improvements for campus copying and printing services, including new product offerings: Expanded wide-format printing, including direct-to-foam core posters, signage and banners for indoor and outdoor use Custom floor graphic printing Coroplast yard signs State-of-the-art, high-speed equipment upgrades at the REPROS document […]



                                            DIY 49er SPIRIT jack-o-lanterns                                        


Download theseCharlotte 49er patterns and carve up some Niner Pride this Halloween! Send us a picture of your finished product! @unccaux. Enjoy! ALL IN C carving pattern Norm’s game face carving pattern UNC Charlotte Crown carving pattern

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte