Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            49er ID                        


49er Card Office

Toll-Free 49er Card Line1-877-497-4949

Popp Martin Student Union

704-687-733749ercard@charlotte.edu

Online Photo Submission

The 49er Card’s online photo submission process enables UNC Charlotte students, faculty, staff and guests to upload their 49er ID Card photo. Cardholders are encouraged to submit their photo online. Photos are typically approved within 24 business hours.

Photo Submission Guidelines

Your ID Card photo must be a current picture of you taken in accordance with the U.S Department of State Passport Standards.

Acceptable:

Unacceptable:

Examples:

If your photo has not been accepted, you will receive an email with an explanation and a link for re-submission. All communication from the 49er Card Office will be sent to your UNC Charlotte email address.

New Students

If you are a new student living on campus, submit your photo online, and bring a government-issued photo ID to the Housing and Residence Life desk during move-in to pick up your 49er Card. You will receive an email instructing you where to pick up your 49er Card.

If you are a new commuter student, submit your photo online. You will receive an email instructing you when to pick up your 49er Card.

Replacement Cards

You must bring your student number and a government-issued photo ID. If submitting for replacement of a lost or stolen card, there is a $20 fee.

49er Card Pick Up

Please bring one of the following accepted forms of identification:

These items will not be accepted as valid IDs:

How to Submit Your Photo Online

New student instructions

New students who do not have an approved photo on file should follow the instructions below to upload your photo. 

Updating your photo online

If you have any questions please contact the 49er Card Officeat 704-687-7337 or at 49erCard@charlotte.edu.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte