Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Dining



                                            Spring 2024 dining news                                        


As campus gears up for a new spring semester, Dining Services is launching new menu items, introducing new ways to order and scheduling exciting new events. Check them out! Save with Dining Deals Limited-Time Specials Brand New Menu Items Easier Ways to Order Dining Hall Updates Upcoming Events at the Bistro Join us at the […]



                                            Thanksgiving dining news                                        


‘Tis the season for feasting and giving thanks. Here’s how you can enjoy campus dining over the holiday break and help others who are struggling with food insecurity: Order meals to eat over Thanksgiving Break Prepackaged microwavable meals will be available for preorder from Friday, Nov. 10 to Friday, Nov. 17 through the Niner Diners […]



                                            Fall break hours for Dining, Mail and more                                        


Fall break is just around the corner! Check out these changes to our operating hours to make sure you can access services during the class recess. Dining Social 704  will operate on the following schedule from Oct. 21-24: South Village Dining will not be open Oct. 21 to 23, but it will open for dinner […]



                                            Campus Dining Survey Open Until 10/31                                        


We want to hear from you about campus dining.  Take the survey by Oct. 31, 2023, for a chance to win a pair of AirPods! 



                                            Bistro Offers New Lunch Specials                                        


Located on the 2nd floor of the Student Union, The Bistro offers a welcoming atmosphere for you to connect with others and relax. Starting Oct. 9 through the end of the semester, here’s what’s in store: In addition, faculty and staff will enjoy $2 off when dining after 1 p.m. on any day of the week! […]



                                            Market opens in new location with Amazon Just Walk Out technology                                        


Get ready for some exciting news that’s about to change the way you shop on campus. Imagine a store where you can just grab what you want and walk out without waiting in line at the checkout. Well, guess what? Amazon’s Just Walk Out technology and UNC Charlotte Dining Services are teaming up to bring […]



                                            Social 704 Opens to More Than 1,800 Guests                                        


On Sunday, Aug. 20, more than 300 students gathered on the second floor of the Popp Martin Student Union, waiting to be the first patrons in the door on the opening night of UNC Charlotte’s newest dining hall. At 5 p.m. staff opened the partitions, and students streamed through the newly installed express lanes. A […]



                                            Deposit to ODA, Get Rewarded                                        


Deposit $350 or more in Optional Dining Account funds between Aug. 28, 2023, and Oct. 13, 2023 and receive: Optional Dining Account (ODA) funds can be used at any campus dining location, including Markets and athletics concessions. Incentives will be available by the end of the business day each Monday through the duration of the […]



                                            Bring a Guest to Bistro for Free                                        


For a limited time, dining patrons can bring a guest to Bistro for free! Take advantage of the offer on Wednesdays between 11am and 11:45am.  Bistro is an elevated buffet-style restaurant located on the second floor of the Popp Martin Student Union, next to Social 704. Enjoy appetizers, garden-fresh salads, generous sandwiches, and enticing desserts. […]



                                            Big news for Niner Diners this fall                                        


Are you ready for the big reveal? Last semester, we said a tearful goodbye to Crown Commons as we reflected on the delicious meals and memories that we made there. This fall, we say hello to … Drumroll, please …  A whole new dining experience!  (Did you really think we were going to spoil the […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte