Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Copy and Print

REPROS Contact

Prospector Building, lower level (Map)704‑687‑0809repros@charlotte.eduFax: 704‑687‑5304Copy & Print Center: 704‑687‑0808

Copy and Print

REPROS Services

REPROS offers printing and copying services across campus on conveniently located printers and multifunction devices. REPROS Copy Center also offers copy, faxing and scanning as well as more extensive print production services for online ordering and pick up in lower Prospector.

Learn more about our services:

REPROS Document Center

REPROS Document Center, centrally located in Prospector Building, offers complete document services such as:

REPROS staff can advise you on how best to present your projects. Because we work with students, faculty and staff every day, we understand and accommodate academic deadlines better than most!

On-campus printing from your device

REPROS offers pay-for-print service on campus. Students, faculty and staff can send documents for printing from their smartphone, tablet, laptop or a University workstation.

Learn more about printing from a mobile device or printing from a personal computer.

Documents are sent to your personal print queue until you are ready to pick them up from one of our REPROS machines. Look for the REPROS sticker to find a pay-for-print device.

Faculty and staff printing

Most faculty and staff use PaperCut software to print to devices in their departments. If you are printing to a device in your department that has a card reader, learn how to print from your workstation.

If your department device does not have a card reader, then you can print directly to your department device without tapping your 49er Card to release your print job.

Paying for printing and copying

If you are a student, you will need your 49er Card to release print jobs on REPROS pay-for-print machines.

To use UNC Charlotte’s pay-for-print system at convenience printers located throughout campus, you will need to add funds to your 49er Account. The funds will be deducted from your account when you release your print job at a REPROS machine.

Learn more about how to add funds to your 49er Account

Copies and prints are billed to your departmental fund code if you are an authorized user. If you do not see the correct fund code when you tap your 49er Card at the multifunction device, you will need to complete the Authorized User Request Form to pay for printing with a department fund code. 

Student-workers who need to make copies or print with department fund codes must be authorized to use department funds. For student workers to have the option to select a department fund code when they release a job at a multi-function device, a department representative must complete the Authorized User Request Form.

Guests who need to print in the library can print up to 10 pages per day for free by emailing their documents to a staff member at the Information and Research Desk.

 

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte