Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Mail & Package                        


Union Station

1st floor, Popp Martin Student Union704-687-5803unionstation@charlotte.edu

Mailing address8845 Craver RoadCharlotte, NC 28223-0001

PassportsMonday – Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m.Appointments are required. Schedule an appointment

Students, faculty and staff may walk in Monday through Friday, 2:15 p.m. to 3:15 p.m. Passport services are on a first-come, first-serve basis.

We accept:



Passport FAQs

Note: Passport Cards CANNOT be used to fly internationally.

Current routine processing takes 8-11 weeks and is subject to change depending on the volume of applicants. Expedited processing takes 5-7 weeks. Expedited services have an additional $60.00 fee per application. The fee for this service is payable to the U.S. Department of State in addition to application fees. Please visit travel.state.gov for processing times are subject to change.

A passport is a necessity for U.S. citizens seeking to travel abroad to another country. Having a valid U.S. passport is essential for citizens who seek to visit family living or traveling abroad, planning a vacation in another country, or hold a job that may require international travel.

If you apply for a passport aged 15 or under it will only be valid for 5 years. However, applicants aged 16 or older receive passports that are valid for 10 years.

Yes you can, check the appropriate box at the top of the form that you would like to apply for both. If you already have a passport book and are eligible to use Form DS-82, you may apply for a new passport card by mailing Form DS-82. You may renew your passport at the same time using the same form.

Please visit  travel.state.gov or call 1-877-487-2778 for more information.

You will need to reapply for another passport using the DS-82 Renewal Form and submit through mail.

Yes.

Yes. An infant, even a newborn, must possess a passport if the child will be taken outside the U.S.

You can apply for a US passport but it’s not guaranteed you will be issued a passport. All applicants are screened through law enforcement. Some offenses ban a person from ever obtaining a passport. If you owe more than $59,000 in back taxes or unpaid back child support balance reaches $2,500, the US Department of State may deny the issue of passport. Please contact the NPIC at 1-877-487-2778 to discuss your eligibility.

Yes. A minor who is 16 or 17 of age will need consent to prevent delays, it is recommended that parental consent is submitted, as awareness is required although consent is not. To indicate awareness, the parent may sign the application, be listed as the emergency contact, or a written awareness statement with a photocopy of ID from a parent if not present at passport appointment.

You will need to reapply for a new passport with all required documents and passport procedures to apply.

No. A social security card does not constitute proof of citizenship like a birth certificate. You do have to provide your social security number on the application.

Please follow the specific instructions given to you in the letter and or email you received. 

If you applied in person or renewed by mail, you can visit travel.state.gov to check your Passport Status.

Contact the Vital Statistics office in the state where you were born. You will contact the Social Security Administration for information about obtaining a new or replacement social security number or card.

You must bring the old Passport with a photocopy of birth certificate to the appointment. If you are unable to locate the Passport, in addition to the DS-11, you must also complete the DS-64 (Lost/Stolen form). Not DS 82

You do not need an appointment or agent assistance. You will complete form DS 5504 for Name change or data correction if your passport is less than one year old from the issued date. Please use Renewal form DS-82 if the passport is more than one year from the issued date.

You must reapply for a new passport with the required documents at a Passport Acceptance Facility with a passport agent, if your passport is more than 15 years old from the issued date.

No. An adult passport that is less than 15 years from the issue date does not need an appointment. Complete the DS-82 and mail to the address on the application.

For complete details, please see Selecting Your Gender Marker at travel.state.gov for more information.

If you are traveling less than 5 weeks please visit the official Department of State website at travel.state.gov or contact the National Passport Information Center at 1-888-874-7793 for information and questions.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte