Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            49er ID                        


49er Card Office

Toll-Free 49er Card Line1-877-497-4949

Popp Martin Student Union

704-687-733749ercard@charlotte.edu

49er ID Terms and Conditions

The 49er ID is the official identification card of UNC Charlotte. Use of this ID constitutes acceptance of all applicable University Policies, including University Policy 719: Access Control and these terms and conditions, including amendments to it. UNC Charlotte reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions without notice to the Cardholder. Violation of the following terms and conditions may result in the confiscation of the ID and/or a referral to the appropriate University office for disciplinary action (e.g., Human Resources, Student Conduct & Academic Integrity or Police and Public Safety).

1. The 49er ID

The physical 49er ID, Mobile ID and temporary card alternatives identify the Cardholder as a student, faculty, staff or sponsored guest of the University. The 49er ID should be carried at all times and presented to University officials upon request. The ID is also the mechanism for accessing the Cardholder’s Stored Value Accounts. The Cardholder must present their ID at the time of use in order to purchase products or services. In addition, the 49er ID can be used for door access, gain admission to athletic events and intramurals, track attendance or log a ticket in Niner Central.

a. The 49er ID is the property of the University and is non-transferable. The Cardholder may not loan their physical or Mobile ID to another student, employee or other individuals with the intent to have the individual use their ID. Any attempt to use or obtain a 49er ID for fraudulent purposes or to assist in doing so may subject the Cardholder to disciplinary action, including referral to the Student Conduct & Academic Integrity, UNC Charlotte’s Human Resources Office, or UNC Charlotte Police and Public Safety.

b. The 49er ID may be suspended, terminated, deactivated, confiscated from the Cardholder due to inappropriate or illegal use or failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions.

c. All students are eligible for an initial prepaid credential as part of the ID technology fee upon beginning their first term at the University.

d. All University faculty/staff or sponsored guests will receive an initial credential upon their start date.

e. Going forward, all faculty and staff who join the University or renew their 49er ID will be opted in to the 49er Mobile ID program. New students will be opted in to the 49er Mobile ID program. Exceptions may be made for those without compatible smart phones or faculty and staff who have both credentials as of July 1, 2024.

2. Replacing Lost, Stolen or Confiscated Cards

Cardholders are obligated to report lost or stolen cards immediately. A lost or stolen card may be deactivated/reactivated onlineor reported in person at the 49er Card Office, located in the Auxiliary Services Building or by telephone at (704) 687-7337 during business hours, Monday through Friday. If a Cardholder chooses to report a lost or stolen card directly to the 49er Card office, then they must visit the office to reactivate a card before it can again be used.

The Cardholder is responsible for paying the replacement fee for the re-issuance of a card. Replacement cards may be obtained at either the 49er Card Office, located in the Auxiliary Services Building, or at the ID Office located in the Student Union. A $20 fee will be imposed to replace a lost, stolen or confiscated 49er Card.

Students who have provisioned the 49er Mobile ID on a smart device are obligated to report if their device is lost or stolen. If a device is lost or stolen during business hours, the Cardholder may report the lost or stolen device in person at the 49er Card Office, located in the Auxiliary Services Building, or by telephone at (704) 687-7337. The Card Office will deactivate the 49er Mobile ID account. Cardholders may also deactivate their device by logging into eAccounts and selecting “Deactivate Device” within the Card Services section. The Cardholder can reactivate their account at no cost if they find their device or purchase a new one.

3. Replacing Damaged Cards

No charge will be imposed to replace a 49er Card that ceases to function due to normal, daily usage. Characteristics indicating normal usage are a scratched or worn stripe, frayed or peeling plastic overlay, or horizontal breakage/cracking. Characteristics not indicating normal usage are broken edges or corners, hole punches and vertical breakage/cracking. A charge will be imposed for the replacement of a 49er Card not indicating normal usage. The determination of whether a card has been damaged by normal usage is at the sole discretion of the 49er Card Office.

4. Stored Value Accounts

Stored Value Accounts (SVA) are discretionary spending debit accounts for pre-deposited funds, which the Cardholder accesses to purchase products and services. There are multiple SVAs available to a cardholder, depending on University classification.

a. Deposits may be made at any time; the minimum deposit amount is $5.b. Eligible deposits may be made as follows:

i. Online at eAccounts.ii. In-person, at the 49er Card Officeiii. By mailiv. In the eAccounts app (if credit card information was previously added to the Cardholder’s eAccount and they are a 49er Mobile ID user).

c. There is no daily transaction quantity limit. Purchases shall not exceed the amount of deposited funds.d. No interest shall be paid on any balance on the Cardholder’s SVA.e. The Cardholder understands and agrees that SVA may not be used as a credit card or to purchase gift cards or money orders.f. The 49er Card does not carry cash advance privileges.g. A Cardholder’s SVA may not be withdrawn except as provided for in Section 8, Stored Value Account Closures.h. Stored Value Accounts are non-transferablei. Transfer of funds between SVA types is not permitted.

5. Fees

a. There are no charges assessed to the Cardholder for any transaction(s).b. Deposits made by check. A check presented for a deposit that is returned due to insufficient funds will be assessed a fee according to the customary fee schedule followed by the University’s Office of the Bursar. The Cardholder’s SVA will be deactivated until the cardholder deposits sufficient funds to cover both the overdraft amount and the insufficient funds fee. (See Section 9 below for fees assessed upon Stored Value Account closure.)c. Account inactivity. SVA can remain active indefinitely; however, accounts that remain inactive for a period of six (6) months will be charged a $1 per month Inactive Fee for each inactive month thereafter to avoid funds being escheated to the State of North Carolina in accordance with North Carolina state law.

6. Refunds and Returns

Merchandise may be accepted for return in accordance with the refund policy in effect at the place of purchase of the product(s) or service(s). Any refund(s) shall be credited to the Cardholder’s SVA; no cash refund(s) will be made for any purchase made with the 49er Card.

7. Liability for Unauthorized Purchases

The University complies with the requirements of Federal Truth in Lending Law. If a 49er Card or a device that has been provisioned with 49er Mobile ID is lost or stolen, the cardholder is responsible for no more than $50 in unauthorized Stored Value Account purchases, provided the 49er Card or Mobile ID is reported as lost or stolen to the 49er Card Office or the UNC Charlotte Police Department within no more than two (2) calendar days of the loss or theft. Once the 49er Card or Mobile ID is reported as lost or stolen, the card (and its associated SVAs) will be deactivated and the Cardholder is not responsible for any subsequent card purchases. Should the Cardholder notify the 49er Card Office or the UNC Charlotte Police Department after two days of the loss but within sixty (60) days after the issuance of an Account Activity Statement containing the unauthorized purchase(s), the Cardholder is responsible for no more than $500 in unauthorized purchases. If the Cardholder fails to notify the 49er Card Office of an unauthorized card purchase within sixty (60) days after an Account Activity Statement containing such purchase has been issued, then the Cardholder limit of liability does not apply.

8. Account Closures

a. Cardholders may request that their SVAs be closed only upon officially separating (terminated, retired, graduated, withdrawn, etc.) from the University. Cardholders are not required to close their SVA upon separating from the University and may continue to access remaining funds at campus merchants until such time as they elect to close their accounts or their SVA are closed pursuant to Item 8.f or 8.g.

b. Subject to the closure requirements of Item 8.a, Cardholders with card balances greater than $10 may request an account closure refund by submitting a 49er/ODA Refund Form online (except as provided in item 8.d, balances smaller than $10 will be retained as an account administrative fee).

c. The $10 Administrative Fee will be waived for any deceased Cardholder or a student who withdraws from the University with extenuating circumstances (refer to UNC Charlotte Academic Policy: Withdrawal and Cancellation of Enrollment). UNC Charlotte reserves the right to waive the Administration Fee at its sole discretion.

d. Upon account closures, any refund processed from the Cardholder’s SVA, after the Administrative Fee is deducted, will first be applied toward any debt the Cardholder owes to the University; any remaining balance will be refunded to the Cardholder.

e. A Student refund will be posted as a credit to the Cardholder’s Student Account and shall be disbursed by the University following the regularly scheduled refund procedures. Non-student refunds will be issued by ACH to the last bank account on record (employees with payroll direct deposit) or by check to the last known address on record (all other non-student cardholders).

f. The 49er Card Office, at its sole discretion, may also choose to close or otherwise restrict the 49er Card SVA activity of any Cardholder owing a debt to the University or that of any Cardholder suspected of fraudulent or illegal card activity. SVAs closed under this provision shall be subject to standard closure terms as addressed in this Article.

g. In the event an account closure ACH refund is rejected by a Bank, the United States Postal Service returns a refund check as undeliverable, or the address of a cardholder cannot be reasonably be determined, the SVA balance refund shall be escheated to the State of North Carolina per state law.

9. Receipts and Statements

If the point of sale terminal is equipped to provide a receipt, the Cardholder will receive a receipt as a matter of course or upon request. It is the Cardholder’s responsibility to ensure that the receipt is correct. Monthly statements are available online through eAccounts. 

10. Error Resolution

a. Errors that occur while using an SVA at a retail location or dining hall should first be addressed at the location where the error occurred. A request for a refund should be made by the Cardholder via an adjustment form to be completed by the retail staff to address the error. The form will be faxed or emailed from the retail location to the 49er Card Office for processing. An email will be sent to the Cardholder’s University email account once the funds have been redeposited.

b. If there is an error on a receipt of the Activity Statement, or if the Cardholder would like more information about a specific transaction, they may contact the 49er Card Office by telephone at 704-687-7337 or by email to 49erCard@charlotte.edu within sixty (60) days of the Activity Statement date.

c. In the event of verbal notification of an error, the 49er Card Office requires that the Cardholder submit a written notification.

d. When requesting an adjustment to an SVA, the Cardholder must furnish the following information in writing: (1) the Cardholder’s name and SVA name; (2) the date and dollar amount of the transaction in question; and (3) a description of the transaction in question, including an explanation of the discrepancy.

e. The 49er Card office will investigate the Cardholder’s request and provide a written finding to the Cardholder. If an error is found, the 49er Card Office will make the necessary adjustments to the cardholder’s account. If no error is found, the 49er Card Office will provide the Cardholder with a written explanation after the investigation. The Cardholder may request copies of the document(s) used to conduct the investigation.

11. Disclosure of Account Information to Third Parties

Information about the Cardholder’s Account will be disclosed to third parties only:

a. To complete a transaction;

b. To comply with a government agency or court order or lawfully issued subpoena. In such cases, if permitted, UNC Charlotte will provide Cardholder notice of its obligation to comply with the order or subpoena;

c. In conjunction with all other cardholder accounts in the aggregated but not in the specific regard to any individual’s account;

d. To provide the University with the Cardholder’s image, use of which is restricted solely to internal identification purposes, including but not limited to the generation of photo-based class rosters;

e. With Cardholder’s written permission; or

f. As otherwise permitted under UNC Charlotte Privacy Policy and applicable law.

12. Changes in Terms and Conditions

The terms and conditions of this Disclosure are effective and remain binding until the Cardholder is otherwise notified in writing. If any changes are made to the terms and conditions, the 49er Card Office shall provide the Cardholder with notice of change(s) at least twenty-one (21) days in advance of the effective date. Prior notice need not be given where an immediate change in terms and conditions is necessary to maintain or restore the security of the Account, is necessary to comply with applicable law or policy, or constitutes a technical correction to these Terms and Conditions.

13. Governing Law

This Disclosure of Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed following the State of North Carolina laws. All cardholders expressly consent to the jurisdiction of the Superior Court of the State of North Carolina should a dispute arise regarding these terms and conditions or cardholders’ use of the 49er Card. UNC Charlotte also obeys the Red Flags Rule. The Rule requires many businesses and organizations to implement a written Identity Theft Prevention Program (“ITPP” or “Program”) designed to detect the warning signs (“red flags”) of identity theft in their daily operations. The purpose of this program is to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft at the University. Red Flags Rule web page.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte