Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Bookstore



                                            How to save with Niner Course Pack                                        


Tips for students and parents To help simplify budgeting for the upcoming school year, Barnes & Noble Charlotte has launched the Niner Course Pack, an affordable course material bundle that is part of the First Day Complete textbook rental program.  Nearly all UNC Charlotte courses will participate in the program, meaning students will be automatically […]



                                            Niner Course Pack is coming this fall                                        


Beginning fall 2023, students will have access to the Niner Course Pack, an affordable bundle of rental textbooks and course materials from Barnes & Noble Charlotte. The Niner Course Pack is part of an inclusive access program designed to bring down the cost of textbooks and access codes. The average student will save 35 to […]



                                            Get graduation attire at the Spring Commencement Fair                                        


Come to graduation prepared and looking your best by visiting the Spring 2023 Commencement Fair. The commencement fair is your one-stop shop for commencement attire, cap and gown, regalia, class rings, diploma frames and more. The event will take place on April 5-6, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m., in Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp […]



                                            Join us for Halloween pumpkin painting                                        


Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union invites you to attend a Pumpkin Painting Party on Wednesday, Oct. 26, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Pumpkins and Halloween stress balls will be available for you to decorate and put your spooky spin on! We will also host Halloween Movie Trivia. The winner will […]



                                            Barnes & Noble Charlotte hosts Commencement Fair for Dec. graduates                                        


The Commencement Fair will take place Nov. 2 to Nov. 4, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. The fair is a convenient, one-stop shop where graduating students can pick up their commencement attire. Get your cap and gown, regalia, stoles, honor cords, diploma frames, pictures, […]



                                            The ABC’s of buying college textbooks                                        


As we head into a new school year, you may find yourself overwhelmed by the number of online textbook retailers and options for renting or buying textbooks in all kinds of conditions–from pristine and shrink-wrapped to torn up and barely readable. If you find yourself in this situation, we want to remind you that the […]



                                            Commencement Fair is around the corner                                        


The Commencement Fair will take place 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Wednesday, March 30 through Friday, April 1, at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. The fair is a convenient, one-stop-shop where graduating students can pick up their commencement attire. Get your cap and gown, regalia, stoles, honor cords, diploma frames, […]



                                            Niner Pride Day is April 8                                        


Come celebrate Niner Pride at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student. Union on Friday, April 8 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.! Enjoy food and games, as well as a 10% discount on merchandise (exclusions may apply).



                                            Bookstore Refresh                                        


New name, new face, new features Barnes & Noble at UNC Charlotte renovations completed just in time for fall semester and on Friday, Sept. 20, the official reopening as Barnes & Noble Charlotte was celebrated. Hundreds of attendees came to the grand reopening, enjoying coffee, breakfast pastries and lots of giveaways, including “We Are All […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte