Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Dining                        


Dining Services

Meal Plans704‑687‑7337

Dining Director of Operations704-687-0687

Catering OfficesHRL Bldg. (#29 Campus Map)Mon-Fri, 8 AM – 5 PM704‑687‑0690

IMPORTANT DATES

Fall semester

Meal Plans and Spending Accounts

FALL 2024 AND SPRING 2025 MEAL PLANS

A meal plan provides:

Overview of meal plans

All first-year residents* living on campus are enrolled in The Daily Plan. This plan maximizes the dining variety and value offered by the dining halls and campus retail dining.

Upperclass students assigned to residence halls without private kitchens may choose between The Daily Plan, the 160 Block Plan or the 100 Block Plan. Commuters may choose from any available meal plan, including Straight Declining Balance.

Fall semester plans are automatically renewed for the spring unless you change or cancel your meal plan.

Resident dining facilities will be closed during Thanksgiving Break, Winter Break, Spring Break and University holidays. Declining Balance dollars can be used at retail dining locations on campus or at Domino’s on University City Boulevard during these breaks.  

Visit Dine on Campus for hours and menus.

*Meal plan options are based on student type as determined by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions (first-year or upperclass), not based on number of credit hours. 

The Daily Plan: for all first-year resident students

The Daily Plan – $2,540 per semester, sales tax included

Plans available to upperclass students and commuters

Upperclass residents who are assigned to required housing – Holshouser, Hunt, Sanford, Scott and the suites in Belk, Hawthorn, Laurel, Levine, Lynch, Miltimore, Oak, Wallis and Witherspoon – may choose The Daily Plan or one of the following block meal plans. 

160/350 Block Plan 

$2,162 per semester, sales tax included 

100/350 Block Plan    

$1,539 per semester, sales tax included 

Straight Declining (DB) Plans     

Commuters and upperclass residents assigned to non-required housing may purchase any meal plan, including any Straight Declining Balance Plan. 

$875 or $1,200 per semester

IMPORTANT DATES

Fall semester

Spring semester

Dining hall closures

Meal Periods

Students with The Daily Plan may only use one meal within a 15-minute period unless they are using a guest meal in addition to their meal. For example, if you’ve entered SoVi for dinner at 6:30 p.m., you will have to wait 15 minutes before you can enter Social 704. Weekend and holiday hours may affect meal periods.

Dining accounts

An Optional Dining Account (ODA) is a debit account that can be used at all campus dining locations, including convenience stores. It is available to all students, and deposits can be made at any time during the year. Unused balances roll over from semester to semester and year to year as long as the student is enrolled.

For any resident student, ODA can supplement a meal plan and may be used when declining balance (DB) funds have been spent. ODA is also a convenient choice for students who live in Wallis, Greek Village or on-campus apartments.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte