Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Bookstore                        


Faculty Kickoff Guide

As part of the Niner Course Pack, the bookstore will provide each student with a convenient package for their included printed materials and their digitally delivered materials will be accessed directly in Canvas.

Students can review all their included courses and materials and learn about the Niner Course Pack here.

Students will have access to digitally-delivered material until after the opt-out date for the term has passed. After the opt out has been processed, students who have opted out of the program will lose access to all their digitally-delivered materials. They will then be responsible for purchasing access to the material outside of the program.

Below are the steps faculty must take to ensure digitally-delivered materials are available for students in Canvas.

4 Weeks Before Class Starts:

Student Instructions:

This course is part of our course material delivery program, Niner Course Pack (aux.charlotte.edu/niner-course-pack). The bookstore will provide each student with a convenient package containing all required physical materials and all digitally delivered materials for this course will be integrated into Canvas.

You should have received an email from the bookstore confirming materials provided for each of your courses and asking you to select how you would like to receive any printed components (in-store pick up or home delivery). If you have not done so already, please confirm your fulfillment preference so the bookstore can prepare your materials.

How to setup Course Materials

Canvas External Tool Configuration

Any courses that are using digital courseware materials will need to include a Course Materials link in Canvas so that students can access their digital materials. If the Course Materials link has not already been added by your Admin, please follow the instructions below for setup. (Note: Your LMS may have slight variations in these steps or naming.)

Student Experience for Digitally Delivered Publisher Courseware and eBook:

Below are screenshot examples of what your student should see in the Course Material link based on content type and delivery method for the digitally delivered materials.

Student Experience for Printed Materials:

Student Support for Course Materials:

We suggest that students provide their name, school email address, school, course information and screenshots of the issue if applicable for any ticket submitted.

Digitally Delivered Materials:

Customer Care is available to help students with questions about accessing their course material or using their eBook. Be sure to share the information below with your students.

Customer Care is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week – 24/7.

Printed Materials:

Students experiencing issues with accessing their print materials via the Niner Course Pack Student Portal, should be directed to the BNC FDC Support Team at Email FDCSupport@bncservices.com

Questions? Contact your Bookstore ManagerCheri Griffith-Klinecgriffithkline@bncollege.com704-687-7077

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte