Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Former SoVi cook turned business owner brings new laundry service to campus





On March 28, Auxiliary Services will launch a new on-campus laundry service in partnership with The WashRoom Laundry Services. 

The WashRoom Laundry Services is a certified minority-owned business providing residential and commercial laundry delivery, dry cleaning and linen services. The company was started in Charlotte in 2016 by Founder and COO Saichell McNeill. 

Partnering with UNC Charlotte is a special opportunity for McNeill. When she started The WashRoom Laundry Services, she was working in SoVi as a cook. 

McNeill recalls her time spent at SoVi as a great experience. “I really enjoyed that job! It was fast-paced and required you to make quick decisions. It was my job to prepare and deliver a quality dining experience to faculty, students and staff and now it’s my job to deliver a convenient, quality laundry experience to the same group of people. I’m so thrilled about this full-circle moment that has been awarded to The WashRoom Laundry Service. We are Niner proud!”

McNeill built her business from the ground up. She pitched her idea to over 50 local cleaners before one cleaning service – that had initially rejected her – agreed to a partnership. Within months, she had purchased the location she was working out of, establishing The WashRoom’s brick and mortar location. 

In 2021, The WashRoom Laundry Services launched additional operations in Fayetteville, NC, McNeill’s hometown. She is a proud graduate of Fayetteville State University, where she earned her BS in Biology. She also holds an MBA with a concentration in Management/Marketing.

McNeill has a hands-on approach to running The WashRoom. Pitching in wherever needed, she will pick up, wash, fold and deliver clothes. Having worked for Energizer, Miller Brewing Company, Unliver and Kraft Foods, she brings more than 12 years of manufacturing operations leadership experience to her business. She is Six Sigma Green Belt certified and experienced in Lean and Kaizen principles.

Students, faculty and staff can use the on-campus laundry service via lockers located at North Deck level 1 and South Village Deck level 3. 

To get started, request a laundry pickup, then bag your dirty laundry and place it in a locker at one of the two locations. The next business day, pick up your freshly cleaned, folded or hung garments inside your new WashRoom bag. 

Choose from multiple payment packages to best fit your needs. Special care instructions, hypoallergenic detergents and dry cleaning services are also available. 

Learn more at the 49er Laundry Services page or call (704) 967-9237 to get started.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte