Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Niner Course Pack



                                            Will you save on textbooks this spring?                                        


NOTE: The opt out period for this spring is Dec. 11 to Jan. 24, 2024. It’s no secret that textbooks are expensive, but did you know that textbook prices in the US are increasing at almost 3 times the inflation rate? The cost of textbooks can present a huge burden to students and families. That’s […]



                                            SGA Recognizes Niner Course Pack Program For Improving Affordability                                        


Business Services and Barnes & Noble Charlotte staff are among those lauded in S.R. 10.1-4. An Act to Show Our Appreciation and Gratitude to Everyone That Played a Role in the Niner Course Pack Program This Semester. On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, Bookstore and Licensing Program Manager Rachel Skipworth and Barnes & Noble Charlotte Manager Cheri […]



                                            What to know before opting out of Niner Course Pack                                        


This fall, students will be automatically enrolled in a textbook rental program called Niner Course Pack. This program offers textbooks and access codes billed to your student account at a rate of $20 per credit hour. Three hundred dollars for a 15-credit hour course load may seem steep to shell out for textbooks, but there […]



                                            Niner Course Pack Info Sessions                                        


Are you looking for the best deal on textbooks for the fall? Join Barnes & Noble Charlotte and Business Services staff for drop-in sessions to answer all your questions about the Niner Course Pack program. We can help you navigate the bookstore’s website to determine the retail prices for your course materials and advise you […]



                                            How to save with Niner Course Pack                                        


Tips for students and parents To help simplify budgeting for the upcoming school year, Barnes & Noble Charlotte has launched the Niner Course Pack, an affordable course material bundle that is part of the First Day Complete textbook rental program.  Nearly all UNC Charlotte courses will participate in the program, meaning students will be automatically […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte