Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Dining                        


Dining Services

Meal Plans704‑687‑7337

Dining Director of Operations704-687-0687

Catering OfficesHRL Bldg. (#29 Campus Map)Mon-Fri, 8 AM – 5 PM704‑687‑0690

IMPORTANT DATES

Fall semester

Summer Meal Plans

Taking in-person summer classes? We’ve got you covered with a few great options:

2024 Meal plans

*70 Block is only offered for purchase during summer session I. Meals can be used during both summer sessions.**40 Block is offered during both sessions. Meals expire at the end of the session in which it was purchased.

Summer Session I

Valid dates: May 20, 2024 to Aug. 7, 2024*

During the first summer session, Social 704 in the Popp Martin Student Union will be open Monday through Friday for lunch (11:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.) and dinner service (5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.).

Summer Session II

Valid dates: July 1, 2024 – Aug. 7, 2024

During the second summer session, Social 704 will be open weekdays for lunch (11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m.) and dinner (5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.) and weekends for brunch (11:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.) and dinner (5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.).

Dining hours and app

For information about dining hours, please visit Dine on Campus.

Summer Meal Plan Terms and Conditions

Meal Plan selections can be made on the Housing & Residence Life website through the Housing Application or on Banner Self Service under the Student Account/Student Services tab through the Meal Plan Selection Form. Please note that a student’s classification and Meal Plan eligibility are as defined by the University and Housing and Residence Life.

If using the housing Application to select a Meal Plan, remember to:

Contract Terms and Conditions for Summer 2024 Meal Plans

Definitions

Meals: Meals allow students entrance into a dining hall when the dining locations are open (see below for effective dates and dining hall closures). Meals expire at the end of the summer session in which they were purchased.

Declining Balance: Declining Balance funds may be used at any dining location on campus. These funds roll over from semester to semester and expire at the end of the academic year in which they were purchased. 

Student Meal Plans: Meal Plans are available only to UNC Charlotte students registered for courses in the semester for which the Meal Plan is purchased. These plans have a predesignated quantity of meals and/or Declining Balance funds that are billed to a student’s Student Account.

First day of meal service: The first day of meal service refers to the first day students may use their meals in the dining halls.  

Sales taxes: North Carolina tax law requires the meal portion of a Meal Plan to be subject to the sales tax;  the associated Declining Balance portion of the Meal Plan is subject to sales tax at the point of sale.  

Student Meal Plans: The University offers a variety of summer meal plans to meet the diverse dining needs of students. 

Block Plans: Block plans provide students with a specific quantity of meals to use in our resident dining hall locations that decline upon use and funds in their declining balance to use at any on-campus dining location or off-campus partner.

Declining Balance Plans: A Declining Balance Plan is a meal plan consisting solely of declining balance funds. These plans are used primarily for retail food purchases on campus, although declining balance may also be used to purchase meals at on-campus resident dining halls.

Summer 2024 Meal Plans

*70 Block is only offered in the first summer session, however, the meals are eligible for use during both first and second summer session, and expire Wednesday, August 7, 2024.** 40 Block is offered each summer session. These meals expire at the end of the session in which it was purchased.

Meal plan eligibility

Students may choose to purchase a block or declining balance meal plan for each summer session they attend but are not required to do so. Only students currently enrolled at UNC Charlotte may access accounts.

Effective dates, operational hours, and dining hall closures

Meal plan purchases are effective on each semester’s first meal service date.

Resident dining halls may be closed or operate on reduced hours between semesters and holidays. Meal plan prices reflect these closures. Declining Balance funds can be used throughout campus at the University dining locations open during these times. Please refer to Dine on campus for up-to-date campus dining hours.

Blackout Dates

Changes and cancellations

Changes or cancellations requested before the Friday before the first day of meal service for the semester:

Changes or cancellations requested after the Friday before the first day of meal service for the semester:

Block Plans

Students can request a change to their Block plan through the posted deadline.

Appeals

Dining appeals are available for students who have experienced an extenuating circumstance that impacts the need for a Meal Plan. To begin the appeal process, a student must submit a first-level appeal through the Office of Student Assistance and Support Services.

Withdrawals

Once a request for cancellation due to a withdrawal from the University has been reviewed and validated, the student will be financially responsible for the daily prorated dining charge for their Meal Plan. The Meal Plan charge will be prorated through the week of the last use of the plan or through the effective date of withdrawal from the University, whichever date is later; and a prorated amount will be credited to the student’s account. This cancellation will also incur a $150.00 withdrawal fee, which will be applied to the student’s account. No cancellations or refunds are permitted for students who withdraw within the last four (4) weeks of classes, based on the last date of the semester. If a student is released from their dining contract due to withdrawal from the University but re-enrolls later during the same term, the student will again become financially responsible for the Meal Plan they were contracted for when the student withdrew.

The cancellation terms above do not apply to students who have been granted a withdrawal with extenuating circumstances from the Dean of Students Office and are handled on a case-by-case basis.

Optional Dining Account

An Optional Dining Account (ODA) may be used to supplement a Meal Plan. Funds for this account are not billable through Student Accounts, but can be deposited separately through the 49er Card website or the Meal Plans and ID Office (located in Room 127, Popp Martin Student Union) using cash, check, or credit/debit card. This account may be used for food purchased in residential dining halls, concessions, and convenience store locations. The Optional Dining Account carries over indefinitely as long as the student is enrolled at the University.

Disclosure Terms & Conditions for Optional Dining Account



Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte