Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


General Faqs

SMART LOCKERS

You will receive an email notification from Mail and Package Services stating that you have received a package. This email will note if your package is available for pick up in the MPS Smart Lockers, at the Mail Package Pick-Up Window or if it is located in a personal mailbox at Union Station. Packages will only be available for pick up in Union Station if you have paid for and leased a separate mailbox.

The MPS Smart Lockers are located in Lower Prospector at the base of the stairs near Mail and Package Services. You will be notified by email once your package has arrived and been processed by Mail and Package Services.

This email will include information on which locker bank your package is located in, which kiosk you need to use and your collection pin.

Once you have accessed the correct kiosk, you can scan your 49er ID or input your collection pin.

The locker associated with your package will then automatically open. Please retrieve your package(s) and close the door.

See a mailroom staff member if you accidentally close the locker door before collecting your packages. Do not attempt to pry open the door.

Mail and Package Services will make a concerted effort to combine packages into one locker if you have received more than one package. You should still double-check your email to ensure you don’t have packages in multiple lockers waiting for you.

Please do not attempt to pick up your packages until you are ready to retrieve them all. Opening and closing a locker will inform Mail and Package Services that the locker has been emptied and can now be filled with another package. Additionally, your collection pin/49er ID will only allow you to open the locker once.

You may have packages located in the MPS Smart Lockers and at the Mail Package Pick-Up Window if you have received multiple packages over several days.

You will need the following identification:

If you are retrieving your package from the MPS Smart Lockers,  you will need your 49er ID and/or the collection pin. The collection pin will be listed in the email that you receive from Mail and Package Services.

If you are retrieving your package from the Mail Package Pick-Up Window, you will need your 49er ID Card or a legal form of identification along with your 800#.

Packages must be picked up from the MPS Smart Lockers within 24 hours of receiving the email. You will receive a reminder email during this 24-hour period. If you are not able to retrieve your package within that time frame, it will be removed from the locker and relocated to the Mailroom. You will need to visit the Mail Package Pick-Up Window to collect your package.

Packages located in the MPS Smart Lockers may be picked up any time the building is open.  Building hours are, Monday – Thursday, 7:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., and Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Prospector building is closed on weekends and University holidays.

Packages received by or relocated to the Mailroom must be picked up from the Mail Package Pick-Up Counter within 10 business days. Packages will be returned to the sender if they have not been picked up within this timeframe.

The Mail Package Pickup Window is open Monday – Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

It is likely that your locker time had expired and your package has been relocated to the Mailroom. Please visit the Mail Package Pick-Up Window to locate your package.

No. Please continue to use the following format:

Student Name (no nicknames)Residence Hall, Room Number9201 University City Blvd.Charlotte, NC 28223

If you are an on-campus resident, you will continue to pick up your postal-size mail from your residence hall mailboxes.

If you have rented an on-campus mailbox in Union Station, your mail and packages will continue to go there.

Medications requiring refrigeration will be placed in the Mail and Package Services’ refrigerator, and you may pick them up from the Mail Package Pick-Up Counter. You will receive an email stating your package’s location.

All signature items will be picked up at the Mail Package Pick-Up Counter and signed for.

There are no weight restrictions for packages. However, the lockers are only able to accommodate packages up to 3 feet long and 19 inches wide. Packages that won’t fit into the lockers will be kept in the Mailroom.

49ER MOBILE ID

If your phone runs out of battery power, you will be able to access your residence hall. 

For iPhone users: iPhone users may run their phone in Express Mode with power reserve to access their Apple Wallet for up to five hours after your phone begins to run on its power reserve. If Express Mode fails during business hours, visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union or the loan key desk to pick up a temporary card. After hours, visit the loan key desk.

Learn more about Express Mode.

For Android users: If your device runs out of battery, we recommend that you visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union or the loan key desk to pick up a temporary card. After hours, visit the loan key desk.

The Card Office is using a phased approach to rolling out the 49er Mobile ID program. Each year, incoming students will be encouraged to adopt 49er Mobile ID instead of having a physical ID card printed. However, students, faculty and staff will not be required to adopt 49er Mobile ID and may continue using their physical ID cards.

No, if you do not have an NFC-enabled device, or you are unable to download the Transact eAccounts app, you may visit the 49er ID Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union to have a physical 49er Card printed. Please bring an official government-issued identification card like a driver’s license, when you visit the office.

All students, faculty and staff have the option to use 49er Mobile ID. 

If you adopt 49er Mobile ID, your physical 49er Card will continue to function as it always has. You will be able to use both your phone and your physical card to access meal plans, spending accounts, buildings and more!

When ordering with your meal plan or campus spending account at Domino’s, their online ordering system will ask you for your 16-digital ISO number.

Do not hit the deactivate button. 

MEAL PLANS

Your 49er ID Card provides access to your meal plan. The 49er Card system automatically keeps track of meal swipes and declining balance (DB).

Meal swipes are used for meals in the all-you-care-to-eat dining facilities: SoVi and Social 704. The plan is accessed by swiping or tapping your 49er ID card upon entry. 

The Daily Plan meal swipes may be used at any time the dining hall is open. You may use as many swipes as you want for yourself. Five (5) guest swipes are included to use during the semester.

Meal swipe plans — which have 160 or 100 meal swipes — are counted down as they are used throughout the semester. Three (3) guest swipes per meal period are allowed with Block Plans. Swipes may be used any time the dining hall is open.

The declining balance (DB) portion of any meal plan is like a prepaid debit account and is designed for use at all dining locations, including retail venues, campus convenience stores, and athletics concessions. Each time you use DB you will receive a receipt showing the amount spent as well as the remaining balance.

Meal plans are sold by the semester. Meal swipes expire at the end of the semester. Unused DB rolls over to the end of summer session II.

Your meal plan will be canceled if you checked the Meal Plan Cancelation box when you submitted your Housing Contract cancelation form. You will need to cancel your meal plan separately if you did not check the box.

You have up until plans are billed to view your plan choice through your housing contract in RMS; after the meal plan has been billed you may view your choice by logging into your Student Banner account and reviewing your bill.

Financial aid can pay for your meal plan if you have enough to cover tuition and housing charges first. Financial aid will not prepay for Optional Dining Account (ODA) or 49er Account funds.

All first-year* resident students are required to purchase The Daily Plan. This plan maximizes the dining variety and value offered by the dining halls and campus retail dining. 

Upperclass resident students living in required housing (Belk, Hawthorn, Laurel, Levine, Lynch, Miltimore, Oak, Wallis and Witherspoon) must purchase a meal plan and may choose between The Daily Plan, 160/$350 Block Plan and the 100/$350 Block Plan.

Commuters and upperclass residents who live in non-required housing are not required to purchase a meal plan, but may choose between any of the meal plans listed above, as well as the $1,200 or $875 Straight DB plans. 

Learn more about meal plans.

*Meal Plan options are based on student type as determined by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions (first-year or upperclass), not based on number of credit hours. 

Visit Dine on Campus to view the menus and hours of operation for each dining location on campus. You can also download the Dine On Campus app (available on iOS and Android). Select UNC Charlotte and view menus and hours of operation wherever you are.

Vegetarian, vegan, gluten-avoiding and healthy options are available at Social 704 in the Student Union, SoVi in South Village Crossing and many of the retail locations. Both dining halls are committed to being completely nut-free.

Our Registered Dietitian is available to meet one-on-one with students to discuss dietary restrictions, food allergies, and overall nutrition and healthy eating on campus. Consultations are free.

No, but you can supplement your meal plan by depositing funds into the Optional Dining account (ODA). ODA has a minimum deposit of $5; funds carry forward and are available as long as the student is enrolled, from semester-to-semester and year-to-year.

You may request an ODA refund upon graduation or separation from the University.

Consider the following when selecting a meal plan:

The Daily Plan works well for athletes, residents who plan to spend weekends on campus, and those who like three full meals daily or prefer to eat smaller meals throughout the day. Meal swipes are nearly unlimited during service hours.

Block Meal Plans are a good choice if you eat fewer large meals during a given week. Meal swipes are used in the dining halls, SoVi and Social 704. Still need help selecting a plan? Call 704-687-7337 to speak to a meal plan specialist.

FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS

All first-year* resident students are required to purchase The Daily Plan. This plan maximizes the dining variety and value offered by the dining halls and campus retail dining. 

Upperclass resident students living in required housing (Belk, Hawthorn, Laurel, Levine, Lynch, Miltimore, Oak, Wallis and Witherspoon) must purchase a meal plan and may choose between The Daily Plan, 160/$350 Block Plan and the 100/$350 Block Plan.

Commuters and upperclass residents who live in non-required housing are not required to purchase a meal plan, but may choose between any of the meal plans listed above, as well as the $1,200 or $875 Straight DB plans. 

Learn more about meal plans.

*Meal Plan options are based on student type as determined by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions (first-year or upperclass), not based on number of credit hours. 

Yes. REPROS, the campus document center, offers a pay-for-print service on campus. You can send documents for printing from your smartphone, tablet, laptop or a University workstation. Documents are sent to your personal print queue until you are ready to pick them up from one of the REPROS machines on campus. Look for the REPROS sticker to find a pay-for-print device. You will need 49er Account funds on your 49er ID Card to pay for the prints and release the print job. 

Learn more about printing from a mobile device or printing from a personal computer.

Yes, resident students may be sent letter mail and packages. Mail is received and held at Mail and Package Services in lower Prospector. You will receive an email notification from Mail and Package Services stating that you have received mail, and it will note if your mail or package is available for pick up in the MPS Smart Lockers or the Mail Package Pick-Up Window.

To set up 49er Mobile ID on your device, download the Transact eAccounts app for Apple or Android.

Follow the instructions for setting up your 49er Mobile ID on your iPhone, Apple Watch or Android device.

Visit Dine on Campus to view the menus and hours of operation for each dining location on campus. You can also download the Dine On Campus app (available on iOS and Android). Select UNC Charlotte and view menus and hours of operation wherever you are.

Vegetarian, vegan, gluten-avoiding and healthy options are available at Social 704 in the Student Union, SoVi in South Village Crossing and many of the retail locations. Both dining halls are committed to being completely nut-free.

Our Registered Dietitian is available to meet one-on-one with students to discuss dietary restrictions, food allergies, and overall nutrition and healthy eating on campus. Consultations are free.

No, but you can supplement your meal plan by depositing funds into the Optional Dining account (ODA). ODA has a minimum deposit of $5; funds carry forward and are available as long as the student is enrolled, from semester-to-semester and year-to-year.

You may request an ODA refund upon graduation or separation from the University.

You may receive a 100 percent refund for textbooks (must be in the same condition that you bought the book) with a receipt up to one week from the first day of classes; with a receipt and drop slip until up to 30 days from the first day of classes.

LICENSING

Many of the University’s departments, divisions and student groups have developed trademarks to promote their specific group. These marks, however, are used only by these areas and are not available to the general public. Examples of departments with registered trademarks that fall into this category are Alumni Affairs and Niner Nation.

Any unauthorized use of these marks is considered an infringement of our trademark rights and we will take the legal steps necessary to correct violations. 

Additional pertinent information:

For additional information about trademarked logos and verbiage, please reference the logo sheet.

Yes. UNC Charlotte will not allow its marks to be applied to consumables, health & beauty products, or tobacco related products. For alcohol related products, you must have the University’s permission to use University marks.

Absolutely! But it is important to use the marks correctly. University Communications’ design toolkit provides some tips on how to use marks in accordance with University standards. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan Honeyman, Creative Services Director.

No! University schools, departments, and affiliated organizations may not assign, sublicense, or modify the name UNC Charlotte or The University of North Carolina at Charlotte or UNC Charlotte or any marks of the University. All products which University schools, departments, or affiliates wish to have produced bearing the name and marks of the University are regulated by the Trademark Licensing Program.

Yes! University schools, departments, and affiliated organizations may use the University’s name or marks in their literature, signage, etc, but must have the design approved prior to publication and use by University Communications. If the school, department or affiliated organization wishes to use the University’s name or marks on items to be given away or used as uniforms, the design must be submitted to the Trademark Licensing Program for approval.

A licensed vendor must be used whether royalties are required or not. Please remember that the University’s marks may not be altered in any way. You may not incorporate the University’s marks with a commercial vendor’s mark.

The UNC Charlotte Trademark Licensing Program is committed to protecting UNC Charlotte’s trademarks and the reputation they represent. We work with CLC Collegiate Licensing Company and law enforcement agencies to enforce our trademark rights. No use of UNC Charlotte trademarks is permitted without the written consent of the UNC Charlotte Trademark Licensing Program or Publications Office. Any information regarding possible trademark infringement should be reported to licensing@clc.com.

Look for the label. Every vendor who is licensed is required to attach the “Officially Licensed Collegiate Products” label shown below. Be sure that the item you purchase is as authentic as your support for UNC Charlotte. And because each licensed vendor returns a portion of the money paid for the item to the University, purchasing only items that are licensed supports UNC Charlotte. Please support the vendors that support our University. 

CLC Collegiate Licensing Company is the licensing representative for UNC Charlotte. CLC is responsible for administering the licensing program, including processing applications, collecting royalties, enforcing trademarks and pursuing new market opportunities. Learn more about getting licensed or contact a representative at licensing@clc.com.

There are two types of licenses:

Retail license

Allows a company to produce product bearing the trademarks of unlimited collegiate institutions for sale in designated retail channels, direct to consumer, and university departments and related entities. 

Internal license

Allows a company to produce product bearing the trademarks of collegiate institutions for university departments and related entities for internal consumption only. Cannot provide product at retail or direct to consumer.

Not every vendor that applies for a licensed is approved.

Items such as compliance history, accounting history, marketing plan, product/design uniqueness, product quality, and market need/saturation are taken into account when determining whether or not a vendor will be licensed.

Every vendor who is licensed is required to attach the “Officially Licensed Collegiate Products” label.

A trademark is a word(s), logo or package design, or a combination of them, used by a manufacturer or merchant to identify its goods and distinguish them from others (Borchard, “A Trademark is Not a Copyright or a Patent,” 2002).

CLC Collegiate Licensing Company is the licensing representative for UNC Charlotte. CLC is responsible for administering the licensing program, including processing applications, collecting royalties, enforcing trademarks and pursuing new market opportunities. A CLC representative may be contacted at licensing@clc.com.

The symbol “TM” stands for trademark. The symbol “SM” stands for service mark. Both of these are informal symbols that indicate you claim common law trademark rights to a name, or logo. These two symbols are used prior to obtaining full federal registration.

The symbol (R), the phrase “Registered U.S. Patent and Trademark Office,” or the abbreviation “Reg U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off.” denote that the mark has been granted full federal registration. This means that the owner of the mark may prosecute anyone who uses the mark without permission.

Trademark licensing is a contractual relationship under which a trademark owner grants another the right to use a mark, subject to terms of the contract. Trademark licensing does not transfer ownership of the mark (CLC, “Licensing Basics,” 2003).

Departments must go through the Purchasing Department to place an order for these items. The Purchasing Agent will forward information to the Licensing Department and obtain permission. Please be aware that University departments are required to adhere to the same guidelines as commercial vendors.

You may also contact Trademarks and Licensing for more information.

The University allows its marks to be applied to a wide variety of products. Apparel items, i.e. shirts, sweats, hats, scarves, jackets, and children’s clothing items, are the most popular. But our marks appear on many non-apparel items as well. Examples of non-apparel items are golf accessories, key chains, frames, glassware, blankets, umbrellas, jewelry, and notebooks.

However, The University does not allow its marks to be applied on consumables, health and beauty products, or tobacco-related products. For alcohol related products, you must have the University’s permission to use University marks.

A determination as to whether or not an item is acceptable is made at the time the vendor submits a request for a new product approval.

Any mark, logo, symbol, nickname, letter(s), word(s) or combination of these that can be associated with the University qualifies as a trademark.

Any individual or manufacturer wishing to use the marks, logos and symbols of the University must obtain a license. Although departments and student groups affiliated with the University do not need to be licensed themselves, they must use a licensed vendor to produce items bearing the University’s marks. It is typically much easier to work with an established University licensee than to try and license a new product or idea. Both the University Trademark Licensing Program Office and CLC Collegiate Licensing Company can provide you with information on the products produced by all licensees so you can match your needs with the right company. A list of current licensees by product is available on the Licensed Vendor page.

CONTACTLESS CAPABLE

This may damage the chip and cause the contactless feature to stop working. If you choose to punch holes in your card, you are responsible for the cost of replacement if it no longer works ($20).

No, it does not.

To set up 49er Mobile ID on your device, download the Transact eAccounts app for Apple or Android.

Follow the instructions for setting up your 49er Mobile ID on your iPhone, Apple Watch or Android device.

Visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union. New cards are created and issued on the spot. Lost or damaged cards are $20.

If you plan to be on the main campus, you are welcome to stop by the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union and be issued a card. Or you can have a non-photo card to be mailed to you by submitting a request form.

ACTIVATED IMMEDIATELY

ACTIVATED OVERNIGHT FOR USE NEXT DAY

No. For students attending classes at the Dubois Center in uptown Charlotte, 49er Cards can be printed at the Center City Campus on a limited basis. Please submit a photo online. Once you receive a notification of your photo approval, please email rlorenzen@uncc.edu to request your card.

No. There is only one active card per cardholder.

Meal Plan and 49er ID Card Office (First floor of the Student Union next to the salon)Monday through Friday: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

What to bring

MAIL

Yes, resident students may be sent letter mail and packages. Mail is received and held at Mail and Package Services in lower Prospector. You will receive an email notification from Mail and Package Services stating that you have received mail and it will note if your mail or package is available for pick up in the MPS Smart Lockers or the Mail Package Pick-Up Window.

Yes, each time you move you will be responsible for filling out a change of address form.

Yes, we receive updated rosters several times a week. Each piece of mail delivered to the University is checked against the most recent roster to ensure proper delivery. If you feel there has been an error in delivery, call Mail & Package Services at 704-687-0383.

All mail that is received for students is checked against the current roster provided by Housing. If you are not listed on the roster, your mail will be returned to sender until you fill out a Change of Address form to Mail & Package Services. For questions or assistance on filling out a change of address form please contact 704 687 0383.

PREFERRED NAME CHANGE

Students, faculty, and staff may designate a preferred name with which they identify and by which they prefer to be known. However, UNC Charlotte reserves the right to deny a request to include a preferred name if the request is fraudulent, carries connotations offensive to good taste and decency, or violates the Board Policy Manual, University Regulations, and/or the Student Code of Conduct. Issues relating to such matters may be referred to the Dean of Student’s Office for consideration and resolution. UNC Charlotte will investigate reports of misuse and abuse of the preferred name process/policy. Depending on the circumstances, those involved in such investigations may include Human Resources, Dean of Students, Provost, University Legal Counsel, and/or appropriate Law Enforcement agencies.

No, a preferred name includes only your first name. If you wish to change your middle or last name, you will need to file an application with the State of North Carolina. 

No, the decision to request a new card is entirely optional.

After submitting your preferred name in Banner Self-Service, allow 24 hours for your record to update and export to the UNC Charlotte 49er ID Card system. You may then request a new 49er ID Card at the 49er Card Office located in the Auxiliary Services Building, at the ID Office located in the Popp Martin Student Union or at the Center City Campus.

If you exchange your current 49er ID Card there is no cost to replace your card due to a name change, otherwise there will be a $20.00 replacement fee due at the time of card distribution.

Many members of the UNC Charlotte community use a first name that differs from their legal name. These may include individuals who prefer to use:

A first name by which an individual wishes to be identified that is other than the individual’s legal name. UNC Charlotte provides a process for any student or employee to include a preferred first name. While UNC will work toward primary use of the preferred name, use of one’s legal name will continue to be necessary in some instances.

Please be aware that many systems and many of the “screens” that staff use in our information system only display legal first names. Future preferred first name use is planned for:

Legal first name must be used for:

TEXTBOOK RENTAL

Rental title selection is based on several criteria:

You can save 55% off the new book price. Keep in mind that many purchased (i.e., non-rental) titles – including used books sold at 25% off the new book price – may be sold back at the end of the semester for up to 55% of the original price, so the savings depends on the individual title. There are pros and cons of both buying and renting textbooks.

Yes, you may highlight or mark in a rented book in the same way as if you’d purchased the book with plans of selling it back to the bookstore at the end of the semeter. In other words, reasonable highlights and markings are acceptable as long as the book remains in salable condition.

Cash, check, credit card, debit card, 49er Account, or Barnes & Noble gift cards. However, a valid credit card with an expiration date later than the rental return due date must also be provided to complete the rental agreement.

You are responsible for returning the book by the deadline specified in your agreement. If the book is lost, stolen, or not returned on time, there is a charge in attition to the original rental fee equal to 75% of the new book price, plus a 7.5% processing fee.

The return policy for drop/add is the same as for a purchased book: You have until the end of the drop period to return the book, with a drop slip and receipt.

You may convert your rental to a purchase but only during the first two weeks of class.

The rental period is for the duration of a semester. Books are due back by the last day of finals. You can return books in person or mail them to the bookstore.

Because students asked for it and because the University, together with our bookstore partners, Barnes & Noble College Bookstores, are committed to actively pursuing ways to make textbooks more affordable.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte