Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Holiday shipping deadlines



Holiday shipping deadlines

Whether you are traveling to see friends and family or remaining at home this holiday season, Mail & Package Services has your shipping needs covered. Let us help you get your gifts to loved ones on time. 

Please note the United States Postal Service has implemented a temporary surcharge of $.25 to $5 on mailed packages. The increase will last through December 26, 2021.

Be sure to check the shipping dates below to ensure your loved ones receive their packages by Dec. 25, 2021:

Nov. 6 — APO/FPO/DPO (all ZIP Codes) USPS Retail Ground service Dec. 9 — APO/FPO/DPO (all ZIP Codes) Priority Mail and First-Class Mail Dec. 15 — USPS Retail Ground service Dec. 16 — APO/FPO/DPO (except ZIP Code 093) USPS Priority Mail Express Military service Dec. 17 — First-Class Mail service (including greeting cards) Dec. 17 — First-class packages (up to 15.99 ounces) Dec. 18 — Priority Mail service Dec. 23 — Priority Mail Express* service

Alaska

Dec. 18 — Alaska to/from Continental U.S.– First-Class Mail Dec. 18 — Alaska to/from Continental U.S.– Priority Mail Dec. 21 — Alaska to/from Continental U.S.– Priority Mail Express

Hawaii

Dec. 17 — Hawaii to/from mainland–Priority Mail and First-Class Mail Dec. 21 — Hawaii to/from mainland–Priority Mail Express

 *Not a guarantee, unless otherwise noted. Dates are for estimated delivery before Dec. 25. Actual delivery date may vary depending on origin, destination, Post Office acceptance date and time, and other conditions. Some restrictions apply. For Priority Mail Express shipments mailed Dec. 22 through Dec. 25, the money-back guarantee applies only if the shipment was not delivered, or delivery was not attempted, within two business days. 

More holiday shipping information is available on the USPS website.

Holiday Stamps

Send friends and family festive greetings with holiday stamps from Mail and Package Services in lower Prospector. We have holiday stamps celebrating Diwali, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, Christmas. 

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte