Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Vending                        


Vending Contact

Auxiliary Services Building704-687-7352(Map it)

Over 100 vending machines on campus accept 49er Account!

Vending Machines

Just Baked Smart Bistro

Just Baked Smart Bistro vending machines offer a delicious rotating menu of warm comfort foods. Machines are conveniently located in Fretwell (1st floor vending area), Garringer (2nd floor), Hunt Hall (1st floor vending area), Storrs Hall (2nd floor vending area), Robinson Hall (room 118), Martin Hall (lobby area) and EPIC (room 1209). On your mobile device, order ahead using the Just Baked app.

Pharmabox

Pharmabox is a specialized distributor of over-the-counter (OTC) products and essentials. Our machine currently carries 82 different products and holds about 800 items, including face masks and hand sanitizer. The Pharmabox is located on the first floor of the Student Union next to the ATM and the public REPROS multi-function device.

Beverage machines

Currently, Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola products are offered in 20-ounce bottles in campus beverage machines.

Coca-Cola products available are Classic Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite (caffeine-free), Dr. Pepper, Diet Dr. Pepper, Caffeine Free Diet Coke, Powerade, Minute Maid, Monster, Reign, Dunkin Iced Coffee, Smart Water and Dasani. Contractual requirements dictate the brands carried in these machines.

PepsiCo products are Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Diet Mountain Dew, Cherry Pepsi, Sierra Mist (caffeine-free), Diet Sierra Mist (caffeine-free), Caffeine Free Diet Mountain Dew, Schweppes Ginger Ale (caffeine-free), Gatorade, Sobe, AMP, Bang, Rockstar, Starbucks Frappuccino, Life Water and Aquafina. Contractual requirements dictate the brands carried in these machines.

Snack machines

Canteen Vending offers snacks in campus snack machines. Candy, chips, gum, cookies, crackers, nuts, pastries, and microwaveable popcorn are sold out of glass-front snack merchandisers. The machines carry national brand merchandise and regional favorites. Contractual requirements dictate the brands carried in these machines.

Coffee machines

Currently, there are five coffee vending machines on campus: 2nd floor of the Denny building, Cone Center across from Main Street Market, lower level of Atkins Library, Woodward Hall and the Center City Building 5th Floor. Contractual requirements dictate the brands carried in these machines. These machines serve both standard and specialty coffee flavors. 

Office Coffee Service

UNC Charlotte contracts office coffee service to Canteen Vending. Please contact the Auxiliary Services office at 704-687-7352 if you are interested in this service.

UNC Charlotte’s Beverage Rights and Vending Agreement

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte