Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Dining



                                            ‘Thank-Ful’ friendsgiving event celebrates togetherness and gratitude on Nov. 18                                        


‘Thank-Ful’ Friendsgiving On Thursday, Nov. 18, from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m., Dining Services will host “Thank-Ful,” a campus-wide friendsgiving event at SoVi celebrating togetherness, expressing gratitude, and giving back to UNC Charlotte and the campus community. In partnership with Chartwells Higher Education, UNC Charlotte’s foodservice provider, UNC Charlotte students will join 300 other schools […]



                                            Dining Services finds staffing (and student) success with new space                                        


The past couple years have brought uncertainty for businesses trying to hire and train new employees across the service sector. Chartwells, our dining partner, is meeting the challenge with some unique approaches to attracting and onboarding new workers. Door to the Niner Diners Hiring Center in Cone Center Building. Photo: Katie Turner, Business Services In […]



                                            Top 5 tips for using your meal plan                                        


Meal plans are confusing – there’s no doubt about it. So what are the most important things to know about using your meal plan when you get to campus? Let’s count down the top five: #5 Meals versus Declining Balance: Know the difference Your meals can be used at either Crown Commons or SoVi for […]



                                            Thoughtful Cup opens with mural honoring liberal arts and sciences thinkers                                        


Dr. Joshua Miller, lecturer in Political Science and Public Administration, and Rick Torres, ATM, Vending and Reprographics program manager, meet over coffee at Thoughtful Cup. A new coffee concept opened this week on the ground level of the Fretwell building. Formerly the home of Fretwell Café, the expanded space features more than just fresh brewed […]



                                            Thought Cup grand opening celebrates collaboration                                        


Pictured left to right: Jody Thompson, interim director of Auxiliary Services; Dr. Nancy Gutierrez, dean of the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, and Dr. Richard Amon, vice chancellor of Business Affairs. The grand opening celebration of Thoughtful Cup on Tuesday, Feb. 8, kicked off with remarks about how the new space designed for student […]



                                            Auntie Anne’s opened April 1 featuring Change Please Coffee                                        


The irony of Auntie Anne’s opening on April Fool’s Day after several months of delays was not lost on students and staff who lined up in the new Science Building to get a warm pretzel last Friday morning. Natalie Flichum and Jordan Badenhop, Auxiliary Services interns who run the @Niner_Aux_Guides account, posted a video of […]



                                            Comfort food for quarantine                                        


On this we all can agree: food and comfort take on outsized significance during a pandemic. For students isolated in a residence hall where all their engagement – from academics to entertainment — happens through a screen, this is even more true. “Quarantine and isolation students do not have a lot going on,” said Jody […]



                                            Niner Diners Mobile Ordering app increases donations for semester food drives                                        


Thirty-two percent of UNC Charlotte students are food insecure according to UNC Charlotte Anthropology professor, Nicole Peterson. The USDA defines food insecurity as lacking consistent access to enough food for an active, healthy lifestyle. Chartwells, the campus dining partner, is actively working to address this issue through a variety of donation programs. Each semester, Chartwells […]



                                            Spring dining and meal plan information                                        


Dine on Campus (download for Android or iOS) provides dining hours, menus, nutrition and allergen information and upcoming events. Here’s what you can expect when dining on campus this spring: All dining purchases are cashless Payment options include University meal plans, Declining Balance (DB), Optional Dining Account (ODA), 49er Account, debit/credit cards, Google Pay, Samsung […]



                                            UNC Charlotte achieves Fair Trade Status                                        


UNC Charlotte is officially designated as a Fair Trade University, one of only two so far in the University of North Carolina System to achieve this distinction. Rich Steele, associate vice chancellor for Business Services, signed the official Fair Trade Resolution on Nov. 11, 2019. Fair Trade is an economic system that ensures that the […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte