Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Dining



                                            Blast the line with mobile ordering                                        


Last fall, Business Services and Chartwells launched Niner Diners mobile ordering for popular campus dining locations. Now nearly all campus retail dining locations offer mobile ordering, including Bojangles’, Subway, Wendy’s and Panda Express. Starbucks and Einstein Bros. Bagels are rolling out mobile ordering in the next couple of weeks. To skip the line the next […]



                                            Vending Update                                        


No change? No problem. If asked to list things a university needs to support its educational mission, vending machines would probably not make the top 10, or even 50. But we know that hardly anyone goes through a week on campus without needing a hydration, energy or caffeine boost. That’s why Auxiliary Services and vending […]



                                            Dining Services grows students’ connections to their food                                        


If you’ve walked by the Dining Services office in the Cone Center lately, you might think that it looks more like a research lab than an office. Shelves with glowing LED light boxes and seedling trays line the window. The bright lights cause students and staff to stop and look at the progress of the […]



                                            Super Bowl Party Pick-up Platters                                        


Chartwell’s Catering is offering some mighty-fine party platters for Super Bowl XLVI viewing get-togethers: Wings Platter: Plain, Buffalo or BBQ with celery sticks and ranch dressing. 50 pieces $34.99; 100 pieces $69.99. Pick up at Crown Common between noon and 7PM, Sunday, February 5. Nachos: 2 pounds of tortilla chips, 1 quart cheese sauce, 1 […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte