Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Dining



                                            The Faces of Food Service                                        


Food builds community — it inspires creativity and transports us to far-off lands. It helps us move through difficult times, stay awake in our afternoon meetings and tastes, well, pretty good. Dining Services know the impact food can have and is committed to being an essential campus service — remaining open during inclement weather events, […]



                                            Experience the new Crown Commons                                        


In preparation for the Crown Commons renovation, we are setting up a Virtual Reality experience for students to get a sneak peek of the new Crown Commons coming fall 2023. You can participate in this experience on the 2nd floor of the Student Union and inside Crown Commons. Bring your friends! 2nd Floor Student Union […]



                                            Change Please proceeds fund job training for people experiencing housing insecurity                                        


On April 1, 2022, Change Please opened alongside Auntie Anne’s on campus in their first United States location. Change Please serves delicious coffee sourced globally but roasted in the United States. The program is unique in its philanthropic mission. Sales from each cup of coffee fund non-profit organizations in the Charlotte area that help ease […]



                                            Dining Services pilots student-led delivery service                                        


Uber Eats saw a 214% increase in its customer base in 2020. The inability to dine in restaurants created new interest (and sales) for food delivery services worldwide. But food delivery services are hardly new. Most of the well-known apps have been around for over a decade, increasing their functionality, drivers and restaurant line-ups each […]



                                            Dining Services adopts ‘HowGood’ labeling at dining halls                                        


“Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you who you are.” –Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin The old adage “You are what you eat” reminds us to think about not only what we consume, but where our food comes from and who produces it. Since we all rely on the global food supply chain to […]



                                            Deposit to ODA for a chance to win free Starbucks                                        


If you are getting low on Declining Balance funds, or you want to top off your dining account, a deposit to your Optional Dining Account (ODA) could pay off in a big way! Every $25 you deposit will get you a chance to win one of nine golden keys that could unlock a free year […]



                                            Chef Whitney Fogleman delivers sweet treats at Whitney’s Bakery                                        


Chef Whitney Fogleman holds freshly baked and frosted cake. Photo: Joshua Thomas, Auxiliary Services. If you have enjoyed a freshly baked treat on campus, there’s a good chance you have Chef Whitney Fogleman to thank for it. Fogleman has been the lead baker at Charlotte for the past eight years. She and her team produce […]



                                            Change Please selects UNC Charlotte for its first U.S. location                                        


Excitement for the opening of Auntie Anne’s last spring overshadowed the roll out of another delightful addition to Dining Services’ lineup of offerings: Change Please Coffee. Change Please Coffee now shares a space in the Aurum Cafe of the new Science Building on Craver Road. They poured their first cup of coffee sold in a […]



                                            Niner Advantage is back Oct. 13 to 26!                                        


Are you running low on Optional Dining Account (ODA) funds? Between Oct. 13 and 26, if you deposit $200 or more to your ODA account, you will receive a Niner Advantage incentive of 9% additional ODA! Even better, if you add $400 to ODA, you will receive a Niner Advantage incentive of 9% additional ODA […]



                                            Charlotte Greens to open Aug. 22 with good, healthy “fast food”                                        


Charlotte Greens, featuring build-your-own grain and salad bowls, will open for dinner at South Village on Aug. 22. The goal of the new quick-service restaurant is to provide a healthy and quick evening food option for students on the south side of campus. According to Chartwell’s Marketing Director Mrinali Rao, “Charlotte Greens begins with good […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte