Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Dining                        


Dining Services

Meal Plans704‑687‑7337

Dining Director of Operations704-687-0687

Catering OfficesHRL Bldg. (#29 Campus Map)Mon-Fri, 8 AM – 5 PM704‑687‑0690

IMPORTANT DATES

Fall semester

Meal Plan Faqs

Your 49er ID Card provides access to your meal plan. The 49er Card system automatically keeps track of meal swipes and declining balance (DB).

Meal swipes are used for meals in the all-you-care-to-eat dining facilities: SoVi and Social 704 The plan is accessed by swiping or tapping your 49er ID card upon entry. 

The Daily Plan meal swipes may be used at any time the dining hall is open. You may use as many swipes as you want for yourself. Five (5) guest swipes are included to use during the semester.

Meal swipe plans — which have 160 or 100 meal swipes — are counted down as they are used throughout the semester. Three (3) guest swipes per meal period are allowed with Block Plans. Swipes may be used any time the dining hall is open.

The declining balance (DB) portion of any meal plan is like a prepaid debit account and is designed for use at all dining locations, including retail venues, campus convenience stores and athletics concessions. Each time you use DB you will receive a receipt showing the amount spent as well as the remaining balance.

Meal plans are sold by the semester. Meal swipes expire at the end of the semester. Unused DB rolls over to the end of summer session II.

Your meal plan will be canceled if you checked the Meal Plan Cancelation box when you submitted your Housing Contract cancelation form. You will need to cancel your meal plan separately if you did not check the box.

You have up until plans are billed to view your plan choice through your housing contract in RMS; after the meal plan has been billed you may view your choice by logging into your Student Banner account and reviewing your bill.

Financial aid can pay for your meal plan if you have enough to cover tuition and housing charges first. Financial aid will not prepay for Optional Dining Account (ODA) or 49er Account funds.

All first-year* resident students are required to purchase The Daily Plan. This plan maximizes the dining variety and value offered by the dining halls and campus retail dining. 

Upperclass resident students living in required housing (Belk, Hawthorn, Laurel, Levine, Lynch, Miltimore, Oak, Wallis and Witherspoon) must purchase a meal plan and may choose between The Daily Plan, 160/$350 Block Plan and the 100/$350 Block Plan.

Commuters and upperclass residents who live in non-required housing are not required to purchase a meal plan, but may choose between any of the meal plans listed above, as well as the $1,200 or $875 Straight DB plans. 

Learn more about meal plans.

*Meal Plan options are based on student type as determined by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions (first-year or upperclass), not based on number of credit hours. 

Visit Dine on Campus to view the menus and hours of operation for each dining location on campus.

Vegetarian, vegan, gluten-avoiding and healthy options are available at Social 704 in the Student Union, SoVi in South Village Crossing and many of the retail locations. Both dining halls are committed to being completely nut-free.

Our Registered Dietitian is available to meet one-on-one with students to discuss dietary restrictions, food allergies, overall nutrition and healthy eating on campus. Consultations are free.

No, but you can supplement your meal plan by depositing funds into the Optional Dining account (ODA). ODA has a minimum deposit of $5; funds carry forward and are available as long as the student is enrolled, from semester-to-semester and year-to-year.

You may request an ODA refund upon graduation or separation from the University.

Consider the following when selecting a meal plan:

The Daily Plan works well for athletes, residents who plan to spend weekends on campus, those who like three full meals daily or prefer to eat smaller meals throughout the day. Meal swipes are nearly unlimited during service hours.

Block Meal Plans are a good choice if you eat fewer large meals during a given week. Meal swipes are used in the dining halls, SoVi and Social 704.

Still need help selecting a plan? Call 704-687-7337 to speak to a meal plan specialist.

Please read the Meal Plans page for important information about meal plan requirements and change deadlines before making a cancellation request.

You can submit a Meal Plan cancellation request online using the Meal Plan Selection Form, accessible under the Student Additional Links section of Student Self-Service in the MyCharlotte Portal. Any questions may be directed to the 49er ID and Meal Plans Office located in the Popp Martin Student Union, or by phone at 704-687-7337.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte