Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


Information for First-Year Students

Campus Services & Information

Business Services provides the campus with the multi-function 49er ID Card system, dining venues and meal plans, the bookstore, print services, parking and transportation services, mail services, ATM stations and vending machines.

Beginning-of-semester checklist

FIRST YEAR STUDENTS FAQS

All first-year* resident students are required to purchase The Daily Plan. This plan maximizes the dining variety and value offered by the dining halls and campus retail dining. 

Upperclass resident students living in required housing (Belk, Hawthorn, Laurel, Levine, Lynch, Miltimore, Oak, Wallis and Witherspoon) must purchase a meal plan and may choose between The Daily Plan, 160/$350 Block Plan and the 100/$350 Block Plan.

Commuters and upperclass residents who live in non-required housing are not required to purchase a meal plan, but may choose between any of the meal plans listed above, as well as the $1,200 or $875 Straight DB plans. 

Learn more about meal plans.

*Meal Plan options are based on student type as determined by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions (first-year or upperclass), not based on number of credit hours. 

Yes. REPROS, the campus document center, offers pay-for-print service on campus. You can send documents for printing from your smartphone, tablet, laptop or a University workstation. Documents are sent to your personal print queue until you are ready to pick them up from one of the REPROS machines on campus. Look for the REPROS sticker to find a pay-for-print device. You will need to have 49er Account funds on your 49er ID Card in order to pay for the prints and release the print job. 

Learn more about printing from a mobile device or printing from a personal computer.

Yes, resident students may be sent letter mail and packages. Mail is received and held at Mail and Package Services in lower Prospector. You will receive an email notification from Mail and Package Services stating that you have received mail and it will note if your mail or package is available for pick up in the MPS Smart Lockers or the Mail Package Pick-Up Window.

To set up 49er Mobile ID on your device, download the Transact eAccounts app for Apple or Android.

Follow the instructions for setting up your 49er Mobile ID on your iPhone, Apple Watch or Android device.

Visit Dine on Campus to view the menus and hours of operation for each dining location on campus. Select UNC Charlotte and view menus and hours of operation wherever you are.

Vegetarian, vegan, gluten-avoiding and healthy options are available at Social 704 in the Student Union, SoVi in South Village Crossing and many of the retail locations. Both dining halls are committed to being completely nut-free.

Our Registered Dietitian is available to meet one-on-one with students to discuss dietary restrictions, food allergies and overall nutrition and healthy eating on campus. Consultations are free.

No, but you can supplement your meal plan by depositing funds into the Optional Dining account (ODA). ODA has a minimum deposit of $5; funds carry forward and are available as long as the student is enrolled, from semester to semester and year to year.

You may request an ODA refund upon graduation or separation from the University.

You may receive a 100 percent refund for textbooks (must be in the same condition that you bought the book) with a receipt up to one week from the first day of classes; with a receipt and drop slip until up to 30 days from the first day of classes.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte