Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


Auxiliary Financial Principles



We are often asked how the fees for Auxiliary Services, e.g. meal plans, retail food prices, copier charges, and book prices, are established, and furthermore how profits from these enterprises are utilized.

Costs

It is the goal of all the auxiliary units to serve the needs of the campus while recovering all costs associated with the operations by charging for the services provided. These costs would include:

Within these parameters each auxiliary is operated as an individual cost center with the assignment of all related expenses and revenues. It is the goal to cover all costs incurred to provide the service, but to charge no more than necessary to accomplish such.

Charges

Requests for changes to service rates and retail prices for all services are reviewed annually based on proposals from the contract providers or the managers of self-operated services. All rate increases are first reviewed by the Contract Administrator in conjunction with the service provider and advisory committees. These proposals must then in turn be reviewed and approved by the Associate Vice Chancellor for Business Services, the Vice Chancellor for Business Affairs, and then Chancellor. All increases to mandatory student fees must also be reviewed by the Chancellor’s Executive Staff, the Chancellor, the Board of Governors for the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, the UNC General Administration, The UNC Board of Governors, and ultimately be approved by the NC Legislature.

Increases in fees are initially reviewed by the contract administrator according to the following criteria:

Profit/Loss

It is the goal, both individually and collectively, for auxiliaries to annually operate on a breakeven basis, and to maintain all financial reserve requirements as established by bond covenants. Revenues will first and primarily be utilized to cover all operating expenses, prorated share of overhead, appropriate contributions to debt and reserve requirements, and retention for reserves for capital investments related to operation of the self-supporting service operation, and supplemental support of other auxiliaries. Profit (net proceeds) as defined by the Board of Governors of the University of North Carolina (previously referenced in The Code of the Board of Governors) will be used as prescribed by that code. These “Trust funds or the investment income there from shall not take the place of State appropriations or any part thereof, but any portion of these funds available for general institutional purposes shall be used to supplement State appropriations to the end that the institution may improve and increase its functions, may enlarge its areas of service, and may become more useful to a greater number of people.” Scholarships and other direct financial aid programs will be supported from the net proceeds of the campus store as prescribed by state statute.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte