Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Uncategorized



                                            Become a student ambassador and earn perks                                        


Business Services is always excited about getting student feedback! We are looking for students to serve as Niner Aux Guides for our products and services. From dining to e-scooters – we need your help reaching other students to let them know about our programs! Time commitment: Less than 10 hours per semester, per year Responsibilities: […]



                                            Dining Services pilots student-led delivery service                                        


Uber Eats saw a 214% increase in its customer base in 2020. The inability to dine in restaurants created new interest (and sales) for food delivery services worldwide. But food delivery services are hardly new. Most of the well-known apps have been around for over a decade, increasing their functionality, drivers and restaurant line-ups each […]



                                            49er Mobile ID now available to all faculty, staff and students                                        


49er Mobile ID is now available for all faculty, staff and students to access on your phone. Your physical 49er Card will continue to work, but if you would like to have the convenience of accessing your 49er ID on your phone, follow the steps below to set it up. If you have an approved […]



                                            Dining Services adopts ‘HowGood’ labeling at dining halls                                        


“Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you who you are.” –Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin The old adage “You are what you eat” reminds us to think about not only what we consume, but where our food comes from and who produces it. Since we all rely on the global food supply chain to […]



                                            Join us for Halloween pumpkin painting                                        


Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union invites you to attend a Pumpkin Painting Party on Wednesday, Oct. 26, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Pumpkins and Halloween stress balls will be available for you to decorate and put your spooky spin on! We will also host Halloween Movie Trivia. The winner will […]



                                            Deposit to ODA for a chance to win free Starbucks                                        


If you are getting low on Declining Balance funds, or you want to top off your dining account, a deposit to your Optional Dining Account (ODA) could pay off in a big way! Every $25 you deposit will get you a chance to win one of nine golden keys that could unlock a free year […]



                                            Barnes & Noble Charlotte hosts Commencement Fair for Dec. graduates                                        


The Commencement Fair will take place Nov. 2 to Nov. 4, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. The fair is a convenient, one-stop shop where graduating students can pick up their commencement attire. Get your cap and gown, regalia, stoles, honor cords, diploma frames, pictures, […]



                                            USPS announces prices for 2023                                        


The United States Postal Service (USPS) will adjust postage pricing on Jan. 22, 2023. The new rates include a three-cent increase in the price of a First-Class Mail Forever stamp from 60 cents to 63 cents. The price for 1-ounce metered mail will increase to 60 cents, and the price to send a domestic postcard […]



                                            Chef Whitney Fogleman delivers sweet treats at Whitney’s Bakery                                        


Chef Whitney Fogleman holds freshly baked and frosted cake. Photo: Joshua Thomas, Auxiliary Services. If you have enjoyed a freshly baked treat on campus, there’s a good chance you have Chef Whitney Fogleman to thank for it. Fogleman has been the lead baker at Charlotte for the past eight years. She and her team produce […]



                                            Change Please selects UNC Charlotte for its first U.S. location                                        


Excitement for the opening of Auntie Anne’s last spring overshadowed the roll out of another delightful addition to Dining Services’ lineup of offerings: Change Please Coffee. Change Please Coffee now shares a space in the Aurum Cafe of the new Science Building on Craver Road. They poured their first cup of coffee sold in a […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte