Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Uncategorized



                                            Summer blood drive collects 53 units                                        


Nearly 159 lives will be saved as a result of the volunteers who came out to the Cone Center on Wednesday, June 15 to donate 53 units of blood! Donors, volunteers and staff members all generously contributed to this event’s success. Chantrice Rasmussen, certified caregiver, CNA/LNA, aspiring phlebotomist and Red Cross staff member, came out […]



                                            We’re hiring for fall and spring!                                        


We’re hiring for fall/spring! Get valuable work experience and flexible scheduling. Whether you are looking for a position to expand your skills or give you professional work experience, we have a range of position types to suit your interests. Our positions are conveniently located on campus. Auxiliary Services Auxiliary Services Student Assistant Federal Work Study […]



                                            Access 49er Mobile ID now with the Transact eAccounts app!                                        


The 49er ID Card is now available on Android, iPhone and Apple Watch to first-year and incoming transfer students. Like the physical 49er Card, 49er Mobile ID gives students access to: Campus housing, labs and events Recreational facilities Library materials Backup credential for parking access 49er Mobile ID is also used to access your meal […]



                                            Thoughtful Cup opens with mural honoring liberal arts and sciences thinkers                                        


Dr. Joshua Miller, lecturer in Political Science and Public Administration, and Rick Torres, ATM, Vending and Reprographics program manager, meet over coffee at Thoughtful Cup. A new coffee concept opened this week on the ground level of the Fretwell building. Formerly the home of Fretwell Café, the expanded space features more than just fresh brewed […]



                                            Thought Cup grand opening celebrates collaboration                                        


Pictured left to right: Jody Thompson, interim director of Auxiliary Services; Dr. Nancy Gutierrez, dean of the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, and Dr. Richard Amon, vice chancellor of Business Affairs. The grand opening celebration of Thoughtful Cup on Tuesday, Feb. 8, kicked off with remarks about how the new space designed for student […]



                                            Thirteenth annual campus blood drive needs donors                                        


The thirteenth annual 49ers4Life Blood Drive will take place on Mar. 24, 2022, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Popp Martin Student Union, Room 340. Use sponsor code “49ers4life” when you schedule your appointment. Schedule Appointment Each pint of blood we collect can help save up to three lives and will touch the […]



                                            Faculty regalia drop-off dry cleaning service available                                        


On-campus drop-off dry cleaning services for faculty regalia will be available at Barnes & Noble Charlotte prior to spring Commencement ceremonies. Washroom laundry, our official campus laundry service provider, will offer the following services: Pricing Robe, cap and hood (3 pcs) – $35 Robe only – $20 Drop-off/Pick up Faculty may drop off their regalia […]



                                            Supercharge your spring cleaning                                        


REPROS can help you organize files with large volume scanning services. We offer: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) scanning to provide keyword-searchable files High-resolution, full-color scans to ensure every detail of a picture or graph is captured Scanned documents can be saved on all standard media, such as CD, DVD or USB. Pick-up and drop-off services […]



                                            June 15 Summer Blood Drive needs donors                                        


The Red Cross and UNC Charlotte will sponsor the Beginning of Summer Blood Drive from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesday, June 15, in the Lucas Room, Bonnie E. Cone University Center. For those who need it, parking will be available in the Cone Parking Visitor Deck, and free parking vouchers will be provided to […]



                                            Commencement Fair is around the corner                                        


The Commencement Fair will take place 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Wednesday, March 30 through Friday, April 1, at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. The fair is a convenient, one-stop-shop where graduating students can pick up their commencement attire. Get your cap and gown, regalia, stoles, honor cords, diploma frames, […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte