Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Uncategorized



                                            Niner Pride Day is April 8                                        


Come celebrate Niner Pride at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student. Union on Friday, April 8 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.! Enjoy food and games, as well as a 10% discount on merchandise (exclusions may apply).



                                            Former SoVi cook turned business owner brings new laundry service to campus                                        


On March 28, Auxiliary Services will launch a new on-campus laundry service in partnership with The WashRoom Laundry Services. The WashRoom Laundry Services is a certified minority-owned business providing residential and commercial laundry delivery, dry cleaning and linen services. The company was started in Charlotte in 2016 by Founder and COO Saichell McNeill. Partnering with […]



                                            Thirteenth annual 49ers4Life blood drive collects 238 units                                        


With the Red Cross experiencing the worst blood shortage in more than a decade, faculty, staff and students eagerly lined up to donate at the Popp Martin Student Union on Thursday, March 24. Last year saw a 62 percent drop in college and high school blood drives, according to the Red Cross’s website. In 2021, […]



                                            Preparing your First-Year Niner for Campus Life                                        


Sending your young adult off to college is challenging enough. The last thing you should have to worry about is whether they are eating or able to get around campus. With the tips below, you’ll rest assured that your new Niner has access to everything they need to be successful the minute they set foot […]



                                            Auntie Anne’s opened April 1 featuring Change Please Coffee                                        


The irony of Auntie Anne’s opening on April Fool’s Day after several months of delays was not lost on students and staff who lined up in the new Science Building to get a warm pretzel last Friday morning. Natalie Flichum and Jordan Badenhop, Auxiliary Services interns who run the @Niner_Aux_Guides account, posted a video of […]



                                            Campus closings for Fourth of July week                                        


Dining Crown Commons and Market on Craver will be closed on Friday, July 3 and Saturday, July 4 in observance of U.S. Independence Day. Crown Commons will reopen on Sunday, July 5 at 11 a.m. Market on Craver will also be closed on Sunday, July 5 and will reopen on Monday, July 6 at 10 […]



                                            Everything you need to know about printing on campus                                        


We are excited to announce that REPROS has launched a number of new program improvements for campus copying and printing services, including new product offerings: Expanded wide-format printing, including direct-to-foam core posters, signage and banners for indoor and outdoor use Custom floor graphic printing Coroplast yard signs State-of-the-art, high-speed equipment upgrades at the REPROS document […]



                                            DIY 49er SPIRIT jack-o-lanterns                                        


Download theseCharlotte 49er patterns and carve up some Niner Pride this Halloween! Send us a picture of your finished product! @unccaux. Enjoy! ALL IN C carving pattern Norm’s game face carving pattern UNC Charlotte Crown carving pattern



                                            Destress with coloring                                        


Exams are coming up and studying requires even more time and attention. Taking calming breaks in between study sessions helps to keep stress down and focus up. Many people find that satisfyingly mindless activities — like coloring — relax the brain. Here are a couple of coloring sheets to download and print, so you can […]



                                            Comfort food for quarantine                                        


On this we all can agree: food and comfort take on outsized significance during a pandemic. For students isolated in a residence hall where all their engagement – from academics to entertainment — happens through a screen, this is even more true. “Quarantine and isolation students do not have a lot going on,” said Jody […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte