Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Uncategorized



                                            Niner Diners Mobile Ordering app increases donations for semester food drives                                        


Thirty-two percent of UNC Charlotte students are food insecure according to UNC Charlotte Anthropology professor, Nicole Peterson. The USDA defines food insecurity as lacking consistent access to enough food for an active, healthy lifestyle. Chartwells, the campus dining partner, is actively working to address this issue through a variety of donation programs. Each semester, Chartwells […]



                                            Spring dining and meal plan information                                        


Dine on Campus (download for Android or iOS) provides dining hours, menus, nutrition and allergen information and upcoming events. Here’s what you can expect when dining on campus this spring: All dining purchases are cashless Payment options include University meal plans, Declining Balance (DB), Optional Dining Account (ODA), 49er Account, debit/credit cards, Google Pay, Samsung […]



                                            REPROS offers large-volume scanning                                        


Going paperless? REPROS can help with large volume scanning services. REPROS offers: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) scanning to provide keyword-searchable files High-resolution, full-color scans to ensure every nuance of a picture or graph is captured Scanned documents can be saved on all standard media, such as CD, DVD or USB. Staff are available to assist […]



                                            Do you bleed 49er Green?                                        


Even during a pandemic, with fewer cars on the roads, accidents and injuries still occur. Babies continue to be born, and some are perilously premature. Somewhere, always, children and adults fight cancer or endure disease or infection. Every two seconds, someone in the U.S. requires blood, a life-saving treatment that can’t be made in any […]



                                            Delivering for Niner Nation                                        


Eighteen years ago, the campus post office was a concrete corner of the basement of Prospector that was windowless, dank and cramped. Just getting there required finding a weird exterior stairway that led down to a single service window. Horace Lytch had been approached about a job managing the place and his first thought was, […]



                                            Bookstore Refresh                                        


New name, new face, new features Barnes & Noble at UNC Charlotte renovations completed just in time for fall semester and on Friday, Sept. 20, the official reopening as Barnes & Noble Charlotte was celebrated. Hundreds of attendees came to the grand reopening, enjoying coffee, breakfast pastries and lots of giveaways, including “We Are All […]



                                            Healing PTSD stamp now at Mail & Package                                        


Mail and Package Services is now offering the Healing PTSD First-Class stamp for $.65 each or $13 for a sheet of 20. The Healing PTSD stamp is designed to raise awareness of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and to collect funds for Americans with PTSD, which affects nearly eight million people in the U.S. People who […]



                                            UNC Charlotte achieves Fair Trade Status                                        


UNC Charlotte is officially designated as a Fair Trade University, one of only two so far in the University of North Carolina System to achieve this distinction. Rich Steele, associate vice chancellor for Business Services, signed the official Fair Trade Resolution on Nov. 11, 2019. Fair Trade is an economic system that ensures that the […]



                                            Light Rail Weekender Jan. 24-26                                        


CHEAP Take in some culture the fun way, while taking advantage of the STUDENT RUSH discount. Charlotte Symphony’s Totally 80’s performances are part of the Sandra and Leon Levine Pop Series. Totally ’80s celebrates the raddest decade and features hits from icons like Michael Jackson, Blondie, George Michael, Billy Joel, Tommy Tutone, and Rush. Two […]



                                            New reprographics contract awarded                                        


Business Services is pleased to announce that Ricoh USA has been awarded a five-year partnership with UNC Charlotte to operate the campus copy/print program. The agreement brings new equipment, updated technology and streamlined management of the campus printers and multifunction devices. Document handling will be noticeably enhanced, more productive and easier to execute, even for […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte