Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Uncategorized



                                            Blast the line with mobile ordering                                        


Last fall, Business Services and Chartwells launched Niner Diners mobile ordering for popular campus dining locations. Now nearly all campus retail dining locations offer mobile ordering, including Bojangles’, Subway, Wendy’s and Panda Express. Starbucks and Einstein Bros. Bagels are rolling out mobile ordering in the next couple of weeks. To skip the line the next […]



                                            Knowing where to park just got easier                                        


If you had the right audio equipment poised over the UNC Charlotte campus on a weekday morning at 10:45 a.m., you might pick up a lot of whispers that sound a lot like, “Please, please, please let me find a close parking spot.” That’s the peak time for parking demand on campus, so it’s unlikely […]



                                            Dining Services grows students’ connections to their food                                        


If you’ve walked by the Dining Services office in the Cone Center lately, you might think that it looks more like a research lab than an office. Shelves with glowing LED light boxes and seedling trays line the window. The bright lights cause students and staff to stop and look at the progress of the […]



                                            Transportation Fair is Wednesday, Oct. 5                                        


As part of the University’s Sustainability Week events, dozens of representatives will be on campus offering information, travel discounts and give-aways. There will even be a little fun! Try out the driving simulators that imitate drunk driving and what it’s like to be in a car crash, with and without a seatbelt. Be sure to […]



                                            Supply vending machine added to Atkins Library                                        


Just in time for upcoming exams, a study and office supplies vending machine has been installed on the main floor of Atkins Library. The machine offers convenience purchasing of often needed items such as pens, highlighters, flash drives and exam books. The machine accepts cash and the 49er card and is operated by Barnes and […]



                                            Vending prices increase on some snacks                                        


A vending machine price increase on certain snack products took affect this week. Items such as Doritos, Regular Lays chips and candy bars went from $1.00 to $1.25 but prices on the ‘better-for-you’ snacks such as Lays Baked chips, Kellogg Cracker chips, Snyder Pretzels and Nature Valley bars did not rise. “Snack vend prices have […]



                                            Student Parking empty space count report Spring 2014                                        


“There’s no place to park!” Really? Spaces may be few in areas closest to the center of campus at the most densely scheduled class times, but there’s plenty of parking available elsewhere. Space counts, which are taken regularly, prove that UNC Charlotte has sufficient parking for visitors, faculty, staff, and students. Students are the population […]



                                            UNC Charlotte Reaches New Beverage Rights and Vending Agreement                                        


UNC Charlotte has negotiated new contracts with Coca-Cola Consolidated, Pepsi Beverage Products and Canteen Vending to provide beverages and vended snacks to the campus community. The agreements are unique in that they provide the financial benefit of exclusive beverage rights while maintaining the product choice for customers. Coke will be the official beverage of Charlotte […]



                                            Thanksgiving Hours Exceptions                                        


There are many things to be thankful for and a few days off is certainly among them! Here are the hours for Barnes & Noble at UNC Charlotte bookstore: Wednesday 11/21: 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Thursday 11/22 – Sunday 11/25: CLOSED Dining Hours What’s Open 11/21 – 11/25 WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 21 Library Café; 7:30 […]



                                            Summer Lites Menu is back at Bistro 49!                                        


For just $7.95, pick any two of the following: Featuring Summer Lites Menu – Pick 2 $7.95 Soups: Tomato, French Onion, Chicken Tortilla, Crab Bisque Salads: Garden Tossed, Spring Mix, Caesar Salad, Lettuce Wedge, Spinach Salad Sandwich: Turkey BLT Wrap, BBQ Pork, Chicken Quesadilla, Steak Melt, Mediterranean Wrap In addition to the Summer Lites selection, […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte