Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            49er ID                        


49er Card Office

Toll-Free 49er Card Line1-877-497-4949

Popp Martin Student Union

704-687-733749ercard@charlotte.edu

Preferred First Name Change

Use of Preferred First Name (PFN)

UNC Charlotte is aware that many of its students and employees use a first name other than their legal name. As part of being a welcoming and inclusive campus, changes have been implemented to increase the use of the Preferred First Name in the course of UNC Charlotte education and business.

Because the use of a person’s legal first name will continue to be necessary for certain records and communications, both the legal first name and PFN (if requested) will be stored within UNC Charlotte’s primary information systems. Implementation of the use of PFNs will be a process that occurs over time.

The Registrar’s Office maintains a list of systems where PFN is currently used and will be used in the future. When a student contacts a UNC Charlotte office in person or by phone, the staff in that office may only have electronic access to the student’s legal first name.

How to update PFN

Obtaining a new 49er Card with Preferred First Name

If you update your Preferred First Name (PFN), you may request a new 49er Card with your PFN listed. You are not required to request a new card if you choose to update your PFN.

After submitting your PFN in Banner Self-Service, allow 24 hours for your record to update and export to the UNC Charlotte 49er ID Card system. Visit the 49er Card and Meal Plan Office in the Popp Martin Student Union to pick up your new 49er Card.

If you exchange your current 49er ID Card there is no cost to replace your card due to a name change. Otherwise, there will be a $20 replacement fee due at the time of card distribution.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte