Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            49er ID                        


49er Card Office

Toll-Free 49er Card Line1-877-497-4949

Popp Martin Student Union

704-687-733749ercard@charlotte.edu

49er Mobile ID Program

The 49er ID Card is now available on Google Wallet, Samsung Wallet, iOS and Apple Watch.

49er Mobile ID

Like your physical 49er Card, your 49er Mobile ID gives you access to:

Your 49er Mobile ID holds funds for:

And, your 49er Mobile ID serves as your:

*Note that your physical card will not be available for use as a backup parking credential if you are using 49er Mobile ID.

Getting started

To set up 49er Mobile ID on your device, download the Transact eAccounts app.

Follow the instructions for setting up your 49er Mobile ID or watch the video below to get set up on your iPhone, Apple Watch or Android device.

iPhone and Apple Watch

Android devices

Troubleshooting

Having trouble setting up or using your 49er Mobile ID? Submit a request for help online and a 49er Card specialist will get in touch.

Resident students may visit the Loan Key Desk if you encounter issues with your 49er Mobile ID outside of business hours.

For general questions about 49er Mobile ID, please email 49erCard@charlotte.edu or call (704) 687-7337.

FAQs

A: If your phone runs out of battery power, you will be able to access your residence hall.

For iPhone users: iPhone users may run their phone in Express Mode with power reserve to access their Apple Wallet for up to five hours after your phone begins to run on its power reserve. If Express Mode fails during business hours, visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union or the loan key desk to pick up a temporary card. After hours, visit the loan key desk.

Learn more about Express Mode.

For Android users: If your device runs out of battery, we recommend that you visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union or the loan key desk to pick up a temporary card. After hours, visit the loan key desk.

A: The Card Office is using a phased approach to rolling out the 49er Mobile ID program. Each year, incoming students will be encouraged to adopt 49er Mobile ID instead of having a physical ID card printed. 

Students, faculty and staff who have a physical ID card will not be required to adopt 49er Mobile ID and may continue using their physical ID cards until their ID card expires or requires renewal.

A: No, if you do not have an NFC-enabled device, or you are unable to download the Transact eAccounts app, you may visit the 49er ID Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union to have a physical 49er Card printed. Please bring an official government-issued identification card like a driver’s license, when you visit the office. If you receive a physical ID card, you will no longer be eligible for the 49er Mobile ID program.

When ordering with your meal plan or campus spending account at Domino’s, their online ordering system will ask you for your 16-digital ISO number.

Do not hit the deactivate button. 

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte