Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

New Student Welcome events with Auxiliary Services

Auxiliary Services is hosting a series of fun events to welcome students to campus.

Register today to make new friends and win prizes!

Postcards to home

Stop by Lower Prospector on Tuesday, August 20, 2024, to get a behind-the-scenes look at Mail & Package Services and receive a UNC Charlotte-themed postcard!

Once you complete a 15-minute tour of Mail & Package Services, you’ll receive a UNC Charlotte-themed postcard to send to a family member, friend or loved one back home.

Space is limited to 10 students every 15 minutes from 9 a.m. to 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. to 3 p.m.

When: 9 a.m. to 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. on Tuesday, August 20, 2024Where: Mail & Package Services in Lower Prospector

Niner Diners Dash

Welcome to the First Year Eats Scavenger Hunt! This exciting activity is designed to help you explore campus dining services, make new friends and learn about the resources available to you

 You’ll have six unique challenges on campus. Complete all six and win big! Register in advance.

When: 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. on Thursday, August 29, 2024Where: The Star Quad between Atkins Library and the Student Activity Center

College Colors Day

Celebrate College Colors Day by wearing Niner gear and repping green and white!

Swing by Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union for games, door prizes and light refreshments on a first-come, first-service basis.

When: 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Friday, August 30, 2024Where: Barnes & Noble Charlotte

Print, paint and sip

Take a tour of REPROS in Lower Prospector and watch the wide-format printer produce an awesome paint-by-number canvas that you can customize and make your own.

Enjoy mocktails with fellow students while you relax. All paint supplies are provided!

Registration is limited to 20 students.

When: 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Wednesday, September 4, 2024Where: REPROS in Lower Prospector

Honey-soap teaching kitchen

Join us for the Gold Rush Soap Making Teaching Kitchen, where participants can craft soap bars infused with our campus’ Pure Sovi Gold Honey, harvested from bees at UNC Charlotte.

Space is limited, and registration is required.

When: 11 a.m. to noon on Thursday, September 5, 2024Where: The UREC Demo kitchen

Welcome Back BBQ Brunch

Join us at Sovi for a BBQ brunch on Saturday, September 7, featuring a diverse menu sure to tantalize your taste buds. Enjoy homestyle favorites like spinach cheese quiche and smoked gouda cheese grits or savor a Carolina smoked pulled pork sandwich from the grill. Don’t miss the unique offerings like a gluten-free mac “no-cheese” bowl with smoked brisket and build-your-own elote corn with a variety of delicious toppings.

A meal swipe or payment at the door is required for entry.

When: 11 a.m to 2 p.m. on Saturday, September 7, 2024Where: SoVi Dining Hall

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte