Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Barnes & Noble Charlotte



                                            49ers4Life: Saving lives one drop at a time                                        


UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]



                                            Celebrate 4/9 Day!                                        


Join us at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on April 9th, 2024, to celebrate 4/9 Day! Snacks, games and discounts will be available with your 49er ID. Wear green to show your Niner Pride! Enjoy 10% off your purchase with the code SPIRIT24. Check out […]



                                            Will you save on textbooks this spring?                                        


NOTE: The opt out period for this spring is Dec. 11 to Jan. 24, 2024. It’s no secret that textbooks are expensive, but did you know that textbook prices in the US are increasing at almost 3 times the inflation rate? The cost of textbooks can present a huge burden to students and families. That’s […]



                                            College Vault Drops Oct. 13                                        


Coming soon! Throwback to the ‘golden’ age of Niner Pride. A retro collection of UNC Charlotte logos from the past in modern cuts and gorgeous fabrics. Available beginning Homecoming Week only at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. Join us for a launch celebration!When: Friday, Oct. 13th, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.Where:Barnes & Noble […]



                                            SGA Recognizes Niner Course Pack Program For Improving Affordability                                        


Business Services and Barnes & Noble Charlotte staff are among those lauded in S.R. 10.1-4. An Act to Show Our Appreciation and Gratitude to Everyone That Played a Role in the Niner Course Pack Program This Semester. On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, Bookstore and Licensing Program Manager Rachel Skipworth and Barnes & Noble Charlotte Manager Cheri […]



                                            How to save with Niner Course Pack                                        


Tips for students and parents To help simplify budgeting for the upcoming school year, Barnes & Noble Charlotte has launched the Niner Course Pack, an affordable course material bundle that is part of the First Day Complete textbook rental program.  Nearly all UNC Charlotte courses will participate in the program, meaning students will be automatically […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte