Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

UNC Charlotte achieves Fair Trade Status



UNC Charlotte is officially designated as a Fair Trade University, one of only two so far in the University of North Carolina System to achieve this distinction. Rich Steele, associate vice chancellor for Business Services, signed the official Fair Trade Resolution on Nov. 11, 2019. Fair Trade is an economic system that ensures that the products consumers buy were grown, harvested, crafted and traded in ways that improve lives and protect the environment. Fair Trade Universities Campaigns officially recognize schools in the United States committed to educating students about the issues of Fair Trade and sourcing Fair Trade products, like coffee, tea and packaged food items in the cafeteria, offices and events.

UNC Charlotte Dining Services is committed to carrying Fair Trade products in campus retail locations and dining halls. The following Fair Trade certified items can be found on campus: 

Pura Vida regular and decaf coffee, served at SoVi, Crown Commons, Fusion at PORTAL and through catering;

Sambazon Açaí in Mainstreet Market

Barkthins, Honest Tea, Ben & Jerry’s Ice Cream and Nature’s Path Toaster Pastries, sold in Market on Craver and SoVi Market.

Fair Trade-focused events occur throughout the year. UNC Charlotte Dining Services, partnered with UREC, hosting the Fair Trade Finals this month which included yoga with Norm and Fair Trade certified snacks and beverages. 

“Hosting Fair Trade-based events is a great way to reach out to students who are interested in learning more about Fair Trade and to partner with the campus community,” says Lindsay Klingenschmidt, wellness and sustainability specialist in Dining Services. “We love being able to share information about companies that promote social equality, environmental conservation, and economic development of farming communities in developing countries. The Fair Trade Campaigns’ ideology is in line with the UN Sustainable Development Goals, which build a better future for all people no matter if they live in North Carolina or Nicaragua.”

“There are few things more exciting than seeing today’s youth come to understand the role that they can play as consumers in making the world a more fair and just place,” Billy Linstead Goldsmith, director, Fair Trade Campaigns said. “To see them become not just conscious consumers, but advocates for Fair Trade, should challenge all of us to do the same.” 

About Fair Trade Campaigns

Fair Trade Campaigns is a grassroots movement mobilizing thousands of Fair Trade advocates on campuses and communities across the USA. Fair Trade Campaigns recognize towns, colleges, universities, schools and congregations in the US for embedding Fair Trade purchasing practices and principles into policy, as well as the social foundations of their communities. Project collaborators include  Fair Trade USA, Fair for Life, and Fairtrade America third-party certifiers of Fair Trade products in the United States, the Fair Trade Federation, a North American trade association of organizations fully committed to Fair Trade. There are now over 280 active Fair Trade Campaigns in towns and schools, as well as on campuses across the country, which, we’re proud to say, now includes UNC Charlotte. 

Visit www.FairTradeCampaigns.org for more information

To join or support Fair Trade UNCC, visit us on Twitter and Instagram. 

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte