Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

What to know before opting out of Niner Course Pack

This fall, students will be automatically enrolled in a textbook rental program called Niner Course Pack. This program offers textbooks and access codes billed to your student account at a rate of $20 per credit hour.

Three hundred dollars for a 15-credit hour course load may seem steep to shell out for textbooks, but there are a number of factors to consider before opting out of the program.  

For students who receive financial aid, Niner Course Pack allows you to cover the cost of your materials with any excess financial aid after tuition and fees. You don’t have to apply for a separate program or jump through any hoops.

You don’t have to wait weeks for third-party sellers to ship your books to you or worry about getting the wrong version. You can have Barnes & Noble ship your books as soon as you verify your classes or you can pick them up from Barnes & Noble Charlotte in one package once they are bundled for you.

One textbook can easily retail for over $300 depending on the publisher. With Niner Course Pack you are guaranteed a flat rate of $20 per credit hour. If you opt out of the program, you will have to pay retail prices for all your books. The average retail cost of textbooks in past semesters has been around $500. 

Still not convinced? Opting out is easy!

There may be situations where the Niner Course Pack rate exceeds the retail amount of your current textbooks for the semester. For example, maybe your classes are using cost-free Open Educational Resources or most don’t have textbooks or access codes at all. 

In this case, it might be a good idea to opt out of the program. 

From July 24, 2023, until Sept. 1, 2023, you may opt out of the program in the Barnes & Noble portal.

If you want to research the retail cost of your books so you can make an informed decision, visit the bookstore’s course materials page and enter your class schedule in the drop down menu. Be sure to select the semester labeled “OPT OUT” to see the prices. 

You can add up the cost of purchasing your materials and compare to the $20 per credit hour rate. 

If you change your mind, you have until Sept. 1, 2023, to opt back into the program. 

We’re here to help! If you have any questions, you can reach out to Barnes & Noble Charlotte 704‑687‑7050 or sm276@bncollege.com.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte