Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Auntie Anne’s opened April 1 featuring Change Please Coffee



The irony of Auntie Anne’s opening on April Fool’s Day after several months of delays was not lost on students and staff who lined up in the new Science Building to get a warm pretzel last Friday morning. 

Natalie Flichum and Jordan Badenhop, Auxiliary Services interns who run the @Niner_Aux_Guides account, posted a video of staff rolling and shaping pretzel dough as evidence that the location had finally opened. Their caption read “​​We’re not joking…Auntie Anne’s opened today!!” 

The video received several hundred likes in less than 24 hours. 

  View this post on Instagram 

A post shared by Niner Aux Guides (@niner_aux_guides)

About two dozen people waited eagerly for the gate to open as Dining Services staff rushed to prepare dough, roll pretzels and test the registers to make sure everything was operating seamlessly. 

Jody Thompson, director of Auxiliary Services, was delighted to see so many students turn out on the first day of opening. She said that the idea to open an Auntie Anne’s was driven entirely by students. 

“Student feedback has shown for quite some time that we are missing a snack or ‘between meals’ concept, and the buzz around campus on Friday proved that adding Auntie Anne’s was the right decision,” Thompson said.

Marisa Elston, administrative support associate in Auxiliary Services, received the very first pretzel sold as a gift for her birthday. She confirmed that the pretzel was delicious, and that she looks forward to working within walking distance of the Auntie Anne’s. 



Auntie Anne’s not only has delicious sweet and savory pretzels and a refreshing drink menu that includes a variety of frozen lemonades, they have also partnered with Change Please Coffee to provide full-bodied, rich coffee that satisfies caffeine cravings in a socially responsible way.

Change Please is a program that contributes all of its profits to help people experiencing homelessness by providing living-wage jobs, training and opportunities. 

Customers who purchase coffee at Auntie Anne’s can feel good about contributing to a bigger cause while enjoying a delicious, fresh cup of coffee.



Ben Kolnos, senior retail director for Dining Services, said that taste played a major role in selecting Change Please as a coffee provider. “I am so excited to tell the story of Change Please to campus. Not only is the organization doing great things for society but the coffee tastes great! We look forward to helping them expand their services to better help the community!”

Change Please directly contributes proceeds to local Charlotte nonprofits, including Charlotte Family Housing, Roof Above, The Salvation Army, Crisis Assistance Ministry, Freedom Communities and Covenant Child Development Center. 

The official Auntie Anne’s grand opening will take place on April 20. The ribbon cutting will occur at 11 a.m., and free samples will be available for guests. The first 50 people to make a purchase will receive a giveaway bag!

If you wish to visit Auntie Anne’s and support the Change Please program, please check the Dine on Campus website or app for hours of operation, menus and nutritional information. 

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte