Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

General



                                            Get the Inside Scoop on Business Services                                        


Business Services newsletter subscribers are the first to learn about brand new services, upcoming events, dining deals, bookstore product launches and more! As a subscriber of “New and Noteworthy,” you’ll be at the front of the line when Social 704 is offering pizza to go, Barnes & Noble Charlotte is bringing back merch with classic […]



                                            49ers4Life Blood Drive collects 236 units                                        


The Fourteenth Annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive took place at the Popp Martin Student Union on March 15. Students, faculty and staff signed up to donate 236 units of blood, enough to potentially save 708 lives. In 2022, the 49ers4LIFE blood drive collected 238 units of blood, enough to save 714 lives. This year’s collection was […]



                                            Annual campus-wide blood drive needs donors                                        


The fourteenth annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive will take place on Mar. 15, 2023, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Popp Martin Student Union, Room 340. Use sponsor code “49ers4life” when you schedule your appointment. Schedule Appointment All donors who present will receive a free long-sleeved t-shirt. According to the American Red Cross, someone […]



                                            Become a student ambassador and earn perks                                        


Business Services is always excited about getting student feedback! We are looking for students to serve as Niner Aux Guides for our products and services. From dining to e-scooters – we need your help reaching other students to let them know about our programs! Time commitment: Less than 10 hours per semester, per year Responsibilities: […]



                                            49er Mobile ID now available to all faculty, staff and students                                        


49er Mobile ID is now available for all faculty, staff and students to access on your phone. Your physical 49er Card will continue to work, but if you would like to have the convenience of accessing your 49er ID on your phone, follow the steps below to set it up. If you have an approved […]



                                            Give a pumpkin some 9er spirit!                                        


Download theseCharlotte 49er patterns and carve up some Niner Pride this Halloween! Send us a picture of your finished product! @unccaux. Enjoy! All-in-C carving pattern Norm “game face” carving pattern CLT stencil pattern for painting or Dremel tool sculpting



                                            Niner Gift Wrap                                        


Got a Niner on your Nice List? Here are two letter-sized patterns to print for small presents, or tile several together to DIY Charlotte-themed paper for larger gifts. All-in-C wrapping paper Holiday Norm wrapping paper



                                            Summer blood drive collects 53 units                                        


Nearly 159 lives will be saved as a result of the volunteers who came out to the Cone Center on Wednesday, June 15 to donate 53 units of blood! Donors, volunteers and staff members all generously contributed to this event’s success. Chantrice Rasmussen, certified caregiver, CNA/LNA, aspiring phlebotomist and Red Cross staff member, came out […]



                                            We’re hiring for fall and spring!                                        


We’re hiring for fall/spring! Get valuable work experience and flexible scheduling. Whether you are looking for a position to expand your skills or give you professional work experience, we have a range of position types to suit your interests. Our positions are conveniently located on campus. Auxiliary Services Auxiliary Services Student Assistant Federal Work Study […]



                                            Access 49er Mobile ID now with the Transact eAccounts app!                                        


The 49er ID Card is now available on Android, iPhone and Apple Watch to first-year and incoming transfer students. Like the physical 49er Card, 49er Mobile ID gives students access to: Campus housing, labs and events Recreational facilities Library materials Backup credential for parking access 49er Mobile ID is also used to access your meal […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte