Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Blood Drive



                                            Summer Blood Drive June 3rd                                        


The University’s Summer Blood Drive will be held at the Barnhardt Student Activity Center (SAC) in the Food Court area on Monday, June 3, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Schedule an appointment with the code “UNCC.” To save time, donors may complete their pre-donation reading and health history questions on the day of their […]



                                            49ers4Life: Saving lives one drop at a time                                        


UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]



                                            Save lives at the 49ers4Life Blood Drive                                        


Calling all Niners! The American Red Cross needs YOU! The American Red Cross and UNC Charlotte are working together to host the fifteenth annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Tuesday, March 12, 2024 in the Popp Martin Student Union room 340. At last year’s drive, students, faculty and staff donated […]



                                            Help Fill a Critical Need for Blood Donations                                        


The Red Cross and UNC Charlotte will sponsor the Summer Blood Drive from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Wednesday, June 14, 2023, in the Lucas Room, Bonnie E. Cone University Center at UNC Charlotte. Parking will be available in the Cone Parking Visitor Deck, and free parking vouchers can be requested at the donation site for those who […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte