Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Uncategorized



                                            New Student Welcome events with Auxiliary Services                                        


Auxiliary Services is hosting a series of fun events to welcome students to campus. Register today to make new friends and win prizes! Postcards to home Stop by Lower Prospector on Tuesday, August 20, 2024, to get a behind-the-scenes look at Mail & Package Services and receive a UNC Charlotte-themed postcard! Once you complete a […]



                                            Niner Course Pack is coming this fall                                        


Beginning fall 2023, students will have access to the Niner Course Pack, an affordable bundle of rental textbooks and course materials from Barnes & Noble Charlotte. The Niner Course Pack is part of an inclusive access program designed to bring down the cost of textbooks and access codes. The average student will save 35 to […]



                                            Get graduation attire at the Spring Commencement Fair                                        


Come to graduation prepared and looking your best by visiting the Spring 2023 Commencement Fair. The commencement fair is your one-stop shop for commencement attire, cap and gown, regalia, class rings, diploma frames and more. The event will take place on April 5-6, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m., in Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp […]



                                            49ers4Life Blood Drive collects 236 units                                        


The Fourteenth Annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive took place at the Popp Martin Student Union on March 15. Students, faculty and staff signed up to donate 236 units of blood, enough to potentially save 708 lives. In 2022, the 49ers4LIFE blood drive collected 238 units of blood, enough to save 714 lives. This year’s collection was […]



                                            Starbucks grand opening celebrates new library location                                        


On a chilly March Monday morning, students, faculty and staff gathered for the official ribbon cutting for the new Starbucks location in Atkins Library. The weather was perfect for enjoying a warm cup of complimentary Starbucks coffee and cake pops. Graduating senior Mico Quijano was the master of ceremonies who introduced Dr. Anne Moore, dean […]



                                            Spring 2023 Dining News                                        


Look out for exciting changes coming to dining in Spring 2023! Changes coming to Crown Commons April 1 Crown Commons will undergo a major renovation beginning on April 1. The purpose of the renovation is to provide you with high-quality dining facilities, upgraded food stations and additional seating space to improve your campus dining experience. […]



                                            The Faces of Food Service                                        


Food builds community — it inspires creativity and transports us to far-off lands. It helps us move through difficult times, stay awake in our afternoon meetings and tastes, well, pretty good. Dining Services know the impact food can have and is committed to being an essential campus service — remaining open during inclement weather events, […]



                                            Annual campus-wide blood drive needs donors                                        


The fourteenth annual 49ers4LIFE Blood Drive will take place on Mar. 15, 2023, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Popp Martin Student Union, Room 340. Use sponsor code “49ers4life” when you schedule your appointment. Schedule Appointment All donors who present will receive a free long-sleeved t-shirt. According to the American Red Cross, someone […]



                                            Experience the new Crown Commons                                        


In preparation for the Crown Commons renovation, we are setting up a Virtual Reality experience for students to get a sneak peek of the new Crown Commons coming fall 2023. You can participate in this experience on the 2nd floor of the Student Union and inside Crown Commons. Bring your friends! 2nd Floor Student Union […]



                                            Change Please proceeds fund job training for people experiencing housing insecurity                                        


On April 1, 2022, Change Please opened alongside Auntie Anne’s on campus in their first United States location. Change Please serves delicious coffee sourced globally but roasted in the United States. The program is unique in its philanthropic mission. Sales from each cup of coffee fund non-profit organizations in the Charlotte area that help ease […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte