Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

your Charlotte bookstore Holiday Gift Guide

As the holiday season approaches, we know how important it is to find the perfect gift for your loved ones. That’s why we’ve put together a curated selection of gifts that are sure to delight any Charlotte student, alumni or fan. 

From cozy sweatshirts to stylish accessories, we have something for everyone on your list.

Remember to check shipping dates before you check out so you can be sure your gifts will arrive in time before the holidays.

Let’s shop, Niners!



Cozy Comforts

For the friend who’s always chilly or the sibling that loves to bundle up, check out these cozy comforts available now on the bookstore’s website.

UNC Charlotte 49ers Alps Cuff Faux Pom Beanie Cream

This knit beanie is perfect for chilly evenings in the Jerry Richardson stadium, with a minimalist cream color that matches any winter outfit.

Men’s Colosseum Green Charlotte 49ers Arch and Logo Pullover Hoodie

Don’t limit these Charlotte hoodies to just the boys in your life; they’re a perfect gift for men or women who appreciate a quality pullover.

Charlotte Chicka D Women’s Campus Sweatpants

You KNOW the person in your life who can’t wait to cozy up on the couch in these comfy sweatpants and binge watch Jane the Virgin.



Accessorize with Pride

Who says you can’t flaunt your Niner pride while also being stylish? These accessories are perfect for the people on your list who want to show their support but deserve something a little more special than a t-shirt.

UNC Charlotte 49ers Niagara Rugby Striped Scarf 

This scarf is a functional neck warmer and a fashionable pop-of-color at the same time. An excellent gift for friends who love a fall or winter look.

Women’s Gold Charlotte 49ers Charm Bracelet

For the friend with a taste for gold accessories, this simple and stylish bracelet is a go-to gift. The gold-tone chain comes with a charm engraved with the Charlotte All-in-C, so they can show off their Niner pride right on their wrist.

Fossil Charlotte 49ers Machine Smoke Stainless Steel Watch

The time never looked so good; this Fossil watch is 100% stainless steel and water resistant up to 50 meters, so you know your giftee can use it everyday.



A Toast to Holiday Spirit

Whether your loved ones love the winter holiday specifically or love to celebrate life all year round, we have a gift they can enjoy.

Charlotte 49ers Ornament Bundle

These adorable holiday ornaments are just begging to go front and center on a Christmas tree, hearth or other holiday centerpiece. 

Charlotte 49ers 2-piece 22oz. Luigi Bormioli Titanium Robusto Wine Glass Set

Get this wine glass set for those moms, grandmas, aunties and other elegant ladies in your life you think would enjoy a glass of wine after a long day.

Charlotte 49ers 18” x 30” Holiday Coir Doormat

Bring the Niner holiday cheer to your front door with this festive doormat made with 100% natural materials.

Charlotte 49ers 2-Pieces 18.25oz. Luigi Bormioli IPA Glass Set

Give your friends and family the gift of the perfect way to drink a cool, refreshing IPA while watching the 49ers play ball.





Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte