Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Thought Cup grand opening celebrates collaboration

  Pictured left to right: Jody Thompson, interim director of Auxiliary Services; Dr. Nancy Gutierrez, dean of the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, and Dr. Richard Amon, vice chancellor of Business Affairs. 

The grand opening celebration of Thoughtful Cup on Tuesday, Feb. 8, kicked off with remarks about how the new space designed for student collaboration was the product itself of a collaboration between many departments on campus. 

Dr. Banita Brown, associate dean for academic and student success, said that “The planning of this space took several years of meeting … and so we are very delighted that we can celebrate the opening of the Thoughtful Cup.”

Dr. Brown also spoke about how Thoughtful Cup complements the ideas and values that underpin the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences curriculum and recent rebranding. 

“As students, faculty and staff gather in this space, there will be a lot of ideas communicated, thoughts expressed, a lot of collaboration being fostered … and these are just some of the things we hope the space will encourage,” Brown said.

Jody Thompson, interim director of Auxiliary Services, thanked the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences (CLAS), Chartwells dining partners, the Facilities Management project team and artist Ashley Graham for their work in making Thoughtful Cup come to life as a vibrant community space.



 Artist Ashley Graham poses in front of “Intertexuality,” a triptych celebrating liberal arts and sciences thinkers. 

Graham worked closely with Business Services Marketing Department, CLAS administrators, and individual faculty to conceptualize and paint a triptych mural that hangs in the seating area. Titled “Intertextuality,” the mural highlights contemporary thinkers in the liberal arts and sciences who have shaped the curriculum in recent years. 

Graham, a full-time teacher at South Meck High School, said that she enjoyed painting the mural because many of her students graduate and enroll at Charlotte. She is delighted that her work could continue to have an impact on them. 

In addition to carefully considered art work and spatial planning, UNC Charlotte Dining Services also thoughtfully selected a coffee provider with a reputation for practicing sustainability and giving back to social causes. North Carolina-based Counter Culture Coffee is served in the Thoughtful Cup cafe along with a variety of savory sandwich and sweet pastries. 

A variety of grab and go sandwiches, snacks and beverages are also available. Check Dine on Campus for hours before stopping in or order ahead of time on the Niner Diners mobile ordering app.

Watch a video of the grand opening celebration on Instagram below:

        View this post on Instagram             

A post shared by UNC Charlotte Aux Services (@cltauxservices)

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte