Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Mail Services



                                            New way to send mail requests for departments                                        


Departments sending packages, letters, postcards and flats will no longer use the Blue and Gold slips. Instead, departments will use an updated mail form for outgoing mail. Visit the Mail & Package Services Department page for more information. To prepare USPS package shipping requests To mail a package through USPS, complete the USPS Package Shipping […]



                                            49ers4Life: Saving lives one drop at a time                                        


UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]



                                            Shipping Deadlines and Holiday Stamps                                        


Getting to the post office during the holiday rush can be a challenge, but Mail & Package Services make it easy to take care of your shipping needs right here on campus. Just stop by Mail Services in Lower Prospector or Union Station in the Popp Martin Student Union. You can even purchase boxes, envelopes, […]



                                            Fall break hours for Dining, Mail and more                                        


Fall break is just around the corner! Check out these changes to our operating hours to make sure you can access services during the class recess. Dining Social 704  will operate on the following schedule from Oct. 21-24: South Village Dining will not be open Oct. 21 to 23, but it will open for dinner […]



                                            Update your information in Banner                                        


Don’t miss mail or packages due to outdated information Dear Faculty and Staff: We’d like to inform you about two important issues that have recently affected our Mail Services: 1. Departmental relocations: Some departments on campus have moved to new locations without informing Mail & Package Services. As a result, mail and packages have been […]



                                            Mail & Package Services wins Mail Center of the Year                                        


Mail & Package Services is celebrating their recent win as Mail Center of the Year from the College and University Mail Services Association on March 14, 2023. The award recognizes the department’s dedication to improving their services and adapting to new challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.



                                            USPS announces prices for 2023                                        


The United States Postal Service (USPS) will adjust postage pricing on Jan. 22, 2023. The new rates include a three-cent increase in the price of a First-Class Mail Forever stamp from 60 cents to 63 cents. The price for 1-ounce metered mail will increase to 60 cents, and the price to send a domestic postcard […]



                                            Holiday shipping deadlines                                        


Holiday shipping deadlines Whether you are traveling to see friends and family or remaining at home this holiday season, Mail & Package Services has your shipping needs covered. Let us help you get your gifts to loved ones on time. Please note the United States Postal Service has implemented a temporary surcharge of $.25 to […]



                                            September is Passport Awareness Month                                        


Now is a great time to check your passport expiration date, especially if you have spring or summer plans to travel abroad. Most countries require a minimum of six months of passport validity. If you apply now for a passport for spring travel, you can avoid having to pay an expedite fee. Getting or renewing […]



                                            Delivering for Niner Nation                                        


Eighteen years ago, the campus post office was a concrete corner of the basement of Prospector that was windowless, dank and cramped. Just getting there required finding a weird exterior stairway that led down to a single service window. Horace Lytch had been approached about a job managing the place and his first thought was, […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte