Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Chef Whitney Fogleman delivers sweet treats at Whitney’s Bakery

  Chef Whitney Fogleman holds freshly baked and frosted cake. Photo: Joshua Thomas, Auxiliary Services. 

If you have enjoyed a freshly baked treat on campus, there’s a good chance you have Chef Whitney Fogleman to thank for it.

Fogleman has been the lead baker at Charlotte for the past eight years. She and her team produce the majority of the baked goods available at campus dining locations, including Thoughtful Cup, Crown Commons, SoVi Market and The Dubois Center at UNC Charlotte Center City. If a catering menu or campus pop-up event needs sweets, she manages the roll out. Even the cookies and brownies available at Auntie Anne’s come from her kitchen. 

And – of course – she bakes the treats for the newest sweet spot on campus, Whitney’s Bakery. 



 Whitney’s Bakery storefront located in Cone Center. Photo: Joshua Thomas, Auxliary Services. 

Whitney’s Bakery opened at the beginning of the fall 2022 semester in Market at Cone. The Chartwells team wanted to give students an option for a sweet snack in between classes on central campus. With the Starbucks in the Atkins Library still under construction, they decided to open a new dining location in the Cone University Center. Named after its talented head pastry chef, Whitney’s Bakery offers freshly baked muffins, pastries, cookies and more.

Keeping an entire university stocked with baked goods is no small feat, but Fogleman brings a wealth of experience to her role as Lead Baker. She is a graduate of the Academy of Culinary Arts at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. 

After graduating, she worked as a pastry chef in the Las Vegas restaurants of notable chefs like Emeril and Jean-Georges, for fine dining establishments in Martha’s Vineyard, and even for two years at the Yankee Stadium in New York.

 Video produced by Natalie Flinchum, Auxiliary Services.

Joining the Chartwells team in Charlotte in 2015, Fogleman quickly left an impression as a talented baker and capable leader. In 2018, she was nominated for Chartwells Baker of the Year in their Be-A-Star employee recognition program. She won the Southeast Region Baker of the Year award before going on to receive the national title of Compass Group’s Baker of the Year.

From her Be-A-Star feature in Chartwells Monthly, her fellow chef wrote, “Chef Whitney Fogleman has raised the bar for baking programs on our campuses. Whether you are eating homemade sugar cookies at SoVi or enjoying a sandwich on fresh-baked bread, you can’t leave campus without tasting something that comes out of the bakeshop.”



 Pastries and baked goods at Whitney’s Bakery in Cone Center. Photo: Joshua Thomas, Auxiliary Services. 

 Taste an award-winning pastry chef’s work at Whitney’s Bakery or one of the many other retail and dining hall locations that serve Fogleman’s creations. Check operating hours and menus for Whitney’s Bakery and other locations on Dine on Campus.

Article written by Joanna Savold, Business Services.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte