Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            About                        


University Marks

University Marks

These logos are registered trademarks of The University of North Carolina at Charlotte. Any individual or company desiring to reproduce any one of these logos on items must be licensed through Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC). Please contact them at licensing@clc.com for information on how to obtain a license to reproduce these.

UNC Charlotte has registered names, initials, logos and trademarks as a means of protecting them from unauthorized use and abuse. Federal Trademark laws protect the use of the University’s marks on Websites or T-shirts.

Any individual or company desiring to reproduce any one of these logos on items must be licensed through Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC). Please contact CLC at licensing@clc.com for information on how to obtain a license to reproduce these logos.

University departments and registered student organizations may use certain logos for official business only.

Permission is required before any of UNC Charlotte’s marks can be reproduced; contact Rachel Skipworth, 704-687-7683. If such permission is granted, the use of any University-owned mark must be consistent with the limited permission granted, and must conform with the guidelines and current University contracts in regard to such licenses as set forth by the Auxiliary Services Department.

If a student organization receives permission to use any of the University’s registered names, logos or marks, and then makes T-shirts or promotional products with those marks, they must use a licensed vendor. (Auxiliary Services Licensing and Trademark can provide student organizations with a list of licensed vendors.) In addition, student organizations may not sell those T-shirts or promotional products outside of their group membership. Sale of these items on campus, over the Internet or to the general public is prohibited. Certain exceptions (determined by the University’s trademark and licensing liaison) are made for groups promoting specific events logos.

Departments and recognized student clubs and organizations may use certain logos for official business only.

Prior to producing any product, University departments and affiliates (recognized clubs and organizations) are required to submit requests to utilize the University’s registered trademarks to the Office of Trademarks & Licensing (Auxiliary Services Bldg.).

Logo sheet

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte