Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Bookstore



                                            49ers4Life: Saving lives one drop at a time                                        


UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]



                                            Celebrate 4/9 Day!                                        


Join us at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on April 9th, 2024, to celebrate 4/9 Day! Snacks, games and discounts will be available with your 49er ID. Wear green to show your Niner Pride! Enjoy 10% off your purchase with the code SPIRIT24. Check out […]



                                            your Charlotte bookstore Holiday Gift Guide                                        


As the holiday season approaches, we know how important it is to find the perfect gift for your loved ones. That’s why we’ve put together a curated selection of gifts that are sure to delight any Charlotte student, alumni or fan. From cozy sweatshirts to stylish accessories, we have something for everyone on your list. […]



                                            Will you save on textbooks this spring?                                        


NOTE: The opt out period for this spring is Dec. 11 to Jan. 24, 2024. It’s no secret that textbooks are expensive, but did you know that textbook prices in the US are increasing at almost 3 times the inflation rate? The cost of textbooks can present a huge burden to students and families. That’s […]



                                            Fall break hours for Dining, Mail and more                                        


Fall break is just around the corner! Check out these changes to our operating hours to make sure you can access services during the class recess. Dining Social 704  will operate on the following schedule from Oct. 21-24: South Village Dining will not be open Oct. 21 to 23, but it will open for dinner […]



                                            College Vault Drops Oct. 13                                        


Coming soon! Throwback to the ‘golden’ age of Niner Pride. A retro collection of UNC Charlotte logos from the past in modern cuts and gorgeous fabrics. Available beginning Homecoming Week only at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. Join us for a launch celebration!When: Friday, Oct. 13th, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.Where:Barnes & Noble […]



                                            SGA Recognizes Niner Course Pack Program For Improving Affordability                                        


Business Services and Barnes & Noble Charlotte staff are among those lauded in S.R. 10.1-4. An Act to Show Our Appreciation and Gratitude to Everyone That Played a Role in the Niner Course Pack Program This Semester. On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, Bookstore and Licensing Program Manager Rachel Skipworth and Barnes & Noble Charlotte Manager Cheri […]



                                            Niners celebrate the start of football at College Colors Day                                        


On Friday, Sept. 1, Niners flocked to Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union to celebrate College Colors Day.  Students and staff wearing their boldest Niner greens waited in line to grab their free game day spirit swag: Charlotte-branded rally towels, koozies, pom poms, noise makers, sodas, snacks and even Niner green […]



                                            Show your Niner pride at College Colors Day                                        


The Fall 2023 semester at UNC Charlotte is just getting started, and that means it’s almost time for College Colors Day! On Friday, Sep 1, Charlotte students can celebrate the annual day and “Fan Out Loud” by wearing Niner gear and repping their school colors. Swing by Charlotte Barnes and Noble in the Popp Martin […]



                                            What to know before opting out of Niner Course Pack                                        


This fall, students will be automatically enrolled in a textbook rental program called Niner Course Pack. This program offers textbooks and access codes billed to your student account at a rate of $20 per credit hour. Three hundred dollars for a 15-credit hour course load may seem steep to shell out for textbooks, but there […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte