Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

UNC Charlotte



                                            New way to send mail requests for departments                                        


Departments sending packages, letters, postcards and flats will no longer use the Blue and Gold slips. Instead, departments will use an updated mail form for outgoing mail. Visit the Mail & Package Services Department page for more information. To prepare USPS package shipping requests To mail a package through USPS, complete the USPS Package Shipping […]



                                            49ers4Life: Saving lives one drop at a time                                        


UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]



                                            Celebrate 4/9 Day!                                        


Join us at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on April 9th, 2024, to celebrate 4/9 Day! Snacks, games and discounts will be available with your 49er ID. Wear green to show your Niner Pride! Enjoy 10% off your purchase with the code SPIRIT24. Check out […]



                                            College Vault Drops Oct. 13                                        


Coming soon! Throwback to the ‘golden’ age of Niner Pride. A retro collection of UNC Charlotte logos from the past in modern cuts and gorgeous fabrics. Available beginning Homecoming Week only at Barnes & Noble Charlotte in the Popp Martin Student Union. Join us for a launch celebration!When: Friday, Oct. 13th, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.Where:Barnes & Noble […]



                                            SGA Recognizes Niner Course Pack Program For Improving Affordability                                        


Business Services and Barnes & Noble Charlotte staff are among those lauded in S.R. 10.1-4. An Act to Show Our Appreciation and Gratitude to Everyone That Played a Role in the Niner Course Pack Program This Semester. On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, Bookstore and Licensing Program Manager Rachel Skipworth and Barnes & Noble Charlotte Manager Cheri […]



                                            Business Services Celebrates 2023 Grads                                        


We are so grateful to the student workers in our areas who help Business Services make our customers’ experiences the best they can be. Here are four graduating student workers who made a huge impact in our areas. Jordan Badenhop Social media marketing intern Jordan, a double major in marketing and organizational management, has worked […]



                                            Mail & Package Services wins Mail Center of the Year                                        


Mail & Package Services is celebrating their recent win as Mail Center of the Year from the College and University Mail Services Association on March 14, 2023. The award recognizes the department’s dedication to improving their services and adapting to new challenges brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte