Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu

Dining



                                            49ers4Life: Saving lives one drop at a time                                        


UNC Charlotte recently hosted its 15th annual 49ers4Life blood drive on Tuesday, March 12, 2024, at the Popp Martin Student Union.  An impressive 219 units of blood were graciously donated by students, staff and faculty members. These acts of generosity have the potential to save up to 657 lives! The success of the blood drive […]



                                            Spring 2024 dining news                                        


As campus gears up for a new spring semester, Dining Services is launching new menu items, introducing new ways to order and scheduling exciting new events. Check them out! Save with Dining Deals Limited-Time Specials Brand New Menu Items Easier Ways to Order Dining Hall Updates Upcoming Events at the Bistro Join us at the […]



                                            Fall break hours for Dining, Mail and more                                        


Fall break is just around the corner! Check out these changes to our operating hours to make sure you can access services during the class recess. Dining Social 704  will operate on the following schedule from Oct. 21-24: South Village Dining will not be open Oct. 21 to 23, but it will open for dinner […]



                                            Campus Dining Survey Open Until 10/31                                        


We want to hear from you about campus dining.  Take the survey by Oct. 31, 2023, for a chance to win a pair of AirPods! 



                                            Bistro Offers New Lunch Specials                                        


Located on the 2nd floor of the Student Union, The Bistro offers a welcoming atmosphere for you to connect with others and relax. Starting Oct. 9 through the end of the semester, here’s what’s in store: In addition, faculty and staff will enjoy $2 off when dining after 1 p.m. on any day of the week! […]



                                            Market opens in new location with Amazon Just Walk Out technology                                        


Get ready for some exciting news that’s about to change the way you shop on campus. Imagine a store where you can just grab what you want and walk out without waiting in line at the checkout. Well, guess what? Amazon’s Just Walk Out technology and UNC Charlotte Dining Services are teaming up to bring […]



                                            Deposit to ODA, Get Rewarded                                        


Deposit $350 or more in Optional Dining Account funds between Aug. 28, 2023, and Oct. 13, 2023 and receive: Optional Dining Account (ODA) funds can be used at any campus dining location, including Markets and athletics concessions. Incentives will be available by the end of the business day each Monday through the duration of the […]



                                            Starbucks celebrates grand opening in Atkins                                        


Construction is finished and coffee is brewing on the ground floor of the Atkins Library. The new Starbucks location in Atkins will celebrate its grand launch on Monday, March 13, 10 a.m.- 11 a.m. Come enjoy the festivities, ribbon cutting and remarks from campus officials. Meal plan holders can pay with Declining Balance funds at […]



                                            Starbucks grand opening celebrates new library location                                        


On a chilly March Monday morning, students, faculty and staff gathered for the official ribbon cutting for the new Starbucks location in Atkins Library. The weather was perfect for enjoying a warm cup of complimentary Starbucks coffee and cake pops. Graduating senior Mico Quijano was the master of ceremonies who introduced Dr. Anne Moore, dean […]



                                            Spring 2023 Dining News                                        


Look out for exciting changes coming to dining in Spring 2023! Changes coming to Crown Commons April 1 Crown Commons will undergo a major renovation beginning on April 1. The purpose of the renovation is to provide you with high-quality dining facilities, upgraded food stations and additional seating space to improve your campus dining experience. […]

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte