Go to Charlotte.edu

Prospective Students

Faculty and Staff

Current Students

Alumni and Friends

Main Menu



                            Dining                        


Dining Services

Meal Plans704‑687‑7337

Dining Director of Operations704-687-0687

Catering OfficesHRL Bldg. (#29 Campus Map)Mon-Fri, 8 AM – 5 PM704‑687‑0690

IMPORTANT DATES

Fall semester

Catering

Full-Service Catering

Chartwells Catering at UNC Charlotte is always ready to assist you with planning a menu for your special event. Chartwells provides a wide array of options to create a custom menu. Service includes everything from refreshment breaks and terrace barbecues to receptions and elegantly served dinners. You can also order pizza delivery online.

Retail Catering

Chartwells’ small group catering program allows for pick up and delivery service from Bojangles, Chick-fil-A, Panda Express, Salsarita’s and Subway.

Food Service Policy Exemption Requests

Anytime an event is on campus and food is to be served or consumed, the guidelines outlined in University Policy 709 must be followed. Groups wishing to use outside caterers for campus events or accept donated food, must submit a request through the Food Service Waiver Form.

Please contact Chartwells Catering before submitting the Food Service Policy Exemption Request to see if they can accommodate your catering needs.

Food Truck Procedures

While food trucks are a great way to conveniently accommodate groups on campus, the University’s dining program, does not have a policy that allows access to off campus food trucks. Currently, Auxiliary Services will only allow food trucks on campus for University sponsored, campus-wide/community events, hosted by a University affiliated group/department. Chartwells has a campus exclusive arrangement which ensures that food safety and liability concerns are managed under their contract. University Policy 709 sets forth the guidelines for food service exceptions. All requests will be referred to Chartwells to maintain the safety and integrity of the food program and that the vendor is not in direct competition with any on campus retail locations.

Food trucks may only access campus at the approved time from the Affiliated UNC Charlotte department.

Meals served at the event are to be paid by the inviting department. Food Trucks are not allowed to sell food directly to the campus community.

Steps to be approved for an event:

Proper documentation must be provided prior to the event. Completion of the paperwork does not guarantee inclusion in any campus events. Requests will be reviewed on an event-by-event basis, depending on the needs of the event. Parking locations must be finalized and approved before arriving on campus.

Campus Links

Resources

Stay In Touch

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte